Summons Stalker to face invading Broken Finger
Be summoned to worlds invaded by Broken Fingers
Raises maximum HP
Greatly raises maximum HP
Vastly raises maximum HP
Raises maximum FP
Greatly raises maximum FP
Vastly raises maximum FP
Raises maximum stamina
Greatly raises maximum stamina
Vastly raises maximum stamina
Raises maximum equipment load
Greatly raises maximum equip load
Vastly raises maximum equip load
Raises maximum HP, stamina and equip load
Raises attributes, but also increases damage taken
Greatly raises attributes, but also increases damage taken
Raises strength
Raises dexterity
Raises intelligence
Raises faith
Raises item discovery
Increases runes obtained from defeated enemies
Increases memory slots
Raises stamina recovery speed
Raises robustness
Greatly raises robustness
Raises immunity
Greatly raises immunity
Raises focus
Greatly raises focus
Raises vitality
Greatly raises vitality
Raises robustness, immunity, and focus
Greatly raises robustness, immunity, and focus
Raises poise
Boosts the attack power of skills
Greatly boosts the attack power of skills
Boosts dexterity, raises attack power with successive attacks
Raises magic attack, but lowers damage negation
Raises lightning attack, but lowers damage negation
Raises fire attack, but lowers damage negation
Raises holy attack, but lowers damage negation
Raises attack power when HP is low
Raises attack power when HP is at maximum
Enhances counterattacks unique to thrusting weapons
Enhances stamina-reducing attacks against blockers
Raises attack power with successive attacks
Greatly raises attack power with successive attacks
Enhances critical hits
Increases bow effective range
Raises attack power with lower equipment load
Enhances final hit of chain attacks
Enhances charge attacks
Enhances attacks on horseback
Raises attack power of arrows and bolts
Blood loss in vicinity increases attack power
Poisoning or rot in vicinity increases attack power
Enhances jump attacks
Enhances roars and breath attacks
Enhances guard counters
Raises potency of throwing pots
Raises potency of perfume items
Raises potency of sorceries
Greatly raises potency of sorceries
Raises potency of incantations
Greatly raises potency of incantations
Extends spell effect duration
Shortens spell casting time
Spells consume less FP, but maximum HP is reduced
Enhances charged spells and skills
Boosts physical damage negation
Greatly boosts physical damage negation
Vastly boosts physical damage negation
Enormously boosts physical damage negation
Boosts magical damage negation
Greatly boosts magical damage negation
Vastly boosts magical damage negation
Boosts fire damage negation
Greatly boosts fire damage negation
Vastly boosts fire damage negation
Boosts lightning damage negation
Greatly boosts lightning damage negation
Vastly boosts lightning damage negation
Boosts holy damage negation
Greatly boosts holy damage negation
Vastly boosts holy damage negation
Boosts non-physical damage negation
Greatly boosts non-physical damage negation
Vastly boosts non-physical damage negation
Reduces damage taken from critical hits
Improves dodge rolling but increases damage taken
Raises defense when HP is low
Raises defense when HP is at maximum
Boosts guarding ability
Reduces damage and impact of headshots
Boosts HP restoration from Flask of Crimson Tears
Boosts FP restoration from Flask of Cerulean Tears
Slowly restores HP
Restores HP upon defeating enemies
Successive attacks restore HP
Critical hits restore HP
Critical hits restore FP
Eliminates all sound made by the wearer during movement
Conceals wearer while crouching away from foes
Lowers FP consumed by skills
Renders the wearer immune to fall damage
Constantly attracts enemies' aggression
Increases damage taken
Will be lost on death in place of runes
Take on appearance of a Host of Fingers
Take on appearance of a cooperator
Changes demeanour of wearer's actions
Restores FP upon defeating enemies
AccessoryName.fmg
Petition for Help
Online multiplayer item. Receipt of a plea for
help to the maidens of the Finger Reader.
Summons a Broken Finger Stalker from another
world to face an invading Broken Finger.
Maidens of the Finger Reader speak in hushed
tones about the loathsome, traitorous Broken
Fingers and the dangers of their base invasions.
Broken Finger Stalker Contract
Online multiplayer item. Record of contract with
the maidens of the Finger Reader.
Be summoned to the world of a player who
has been invaded by a Broken Finger.
The Broken Fingers have betrayed the Finger
Reader. They are a cancer that afflicts the
ties that bind the Tarnished to one another.
They must be excised, and eradicated.
Crimson Amber Medallion
A medallion with crimson amber inlaid.
Boosts maximum HP.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Crimson Amber Medallion +1
A medallion with crimson amber inlaid.
Greatly boosts maximum HP.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Crimson Amber Medallion +2
A medallion with crimson amber inlaid.
Vastly boosts maximum HP.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Cerulean Amber Medallion
A medallion with cerulean amber inlaid.
Boosts maximum FP.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Cerulean Amber Medallion +1
A medallion with cerulean amber inlaid.
Greatly boosts maximum FP.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Cerulean Amber Medallion +2
A medallion with cerulean amber inlaid.
Vastly boosts maximum FP.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Viridian Amber Medallion
A medallion with viridian amber inlaid.
Boosts maximum stamina.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Viridian Amber Medallion +1
A medallion with viridian amber inlaid.
Greatly boosts maximum stamina.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Viridian Amber Medallion +2
A medallion with viridian amber inlaid.
Vastly boosts maximum stamina.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
A primordial life energy resides inside.
Arsenal Charm
An iron charm that resembles a mass of weaponry.
Boosts maximum equipment load.
This talisman was derived from an unusual greatsword once wielded by a hero hungry for vengeance.
Arsenal Charm +1
An iron charm that resembles a mass of weaponry.
Greatly boosts maximum equipment load.
This talisman was derived from an unusual greatsword once wielded by a hero hungry for vengeance.
Great-Jar's Arsenal
A charm that resembles a great jar overflowing with weaponry.
Vastly boosts maximum equipment load.
The great jar grants this talisman to their warriors.
Carry as much as you can—grow big and strong.
Erdtree's Favor
A talisman depicting a special blessing of the Erdtree.
Slightly raises maximum HP, stamina, and equip load.
It is said that when the Age of the Erdtree began, such blessings were personally bestowed upon their recipients by Queen Marika herself.
Erdtree's Favor +1
A talisman depicting a special blessing of the Erdtree.
Raises maximum HP, stamina, and equip load.
It is said that when the Age of the Erdtree began, such blessings were personally bestowed upon their recipients by Queen Marika herself.
Erdtree's Favor +2
A legendary talisman depicting a special blessing of the Erdtree.
Greatly raises maximum HP, stamina, and equip load.
It is said that when the Age of the Erdtree began, such blessings were personally bestowed upon their recipients by Queen Marika herself.
Radagon's Scarseal
An eye engraved with an Elden Rune.
Said to be the seal of King Consort Radagon.
Raises vigor, endurance, strength, and dexterity, but also increases damage taken.
These seals represent the lifelong duty of those chosen by the gods.
Radagon's Soreseal
This legendary talisman is an eye engraved with an Elden Rune, said to be the seal of King Consort Radagon.
Greatly raises vigor, endurance, strength, and dexterity, but also increases damage taken by a similar measure.
Solemn duty weighs upon the one beholden; not unlike a gnawing curse from which there is no deliverance.
Starscourge Heirloom
A talisman engraved with a scene from a heroic tale.
Raises strength.
The mightiest hero of the demigods confronted the falling stars alone—and thus did he crush them, his conquest sealing the very fate of the stars.
Prosthesis-Wearer Heirloom
A talisman engraved with a scene from a heroic tale.
Raises dexterity.
Though born into the accursed rot, when the young girl encountered her mentor and his flowing blade, she gained wings of unparalleled strength.
Stargazer Heirloom
A talisman engraved with the legend of a queen.
Raises intelligence.
The young astrologer gazed at the night sky as she walked. She had always chased the stars every step of her journey. Then she met the full moon—and, in time, the astrologer became a queen.
Two Fingers Heirloom
A talisman engraved with the legend of the Two Fingers.
Raises faith.
Fingers cannot speak, yet these were eloquent.
Persistently did they wriggle, spelling out mysteries in the air.
Thus did we gain the words. The words of our faith.
Silver Scarab
A talisman facsimile of a scarab, the carrier of treasures and precious things.
This silver scarab enhances item discovery.
Gold Scarab
A talisman facsimile of a scarab, the carrier of treasures and precious things.
This golden scarab increases the amount of runes obtained from defeating enemies.
Moon of Nokstella
This legendary talisman is a treasure of Nokstella, the Eternal City.
Increases memory slots.
This talisman represents the lost black moon.
The moon of Nokstella was the guide of countless stars.
Green Turtle Talisman
A talisman in the shape of a green turtle.
Raises stamina recovery speed.
Turtles are known as a nutritious ingredient, symbolic of inexhaustible power.
However, those who hold turtles to be wise creatures consider the practice of eating their meat to be barbarous.
Stalwart Horn Charm
An accoutrement worn by the ancestral followers.
Raises robustness.
(Robustness governs resistance to blood loss and frost.)
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Stalwart Horn Charm +1
An accoutrement worn by the ancestral followers.
Greatly raises robustness.
(Robustness governs resistance to blood loss and frost.)
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Immunizing Horn Charm
An accoutrement worn by the ancestral followers.
Raises immunity.
(Immunity governs resistance to poison and rot.)
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Immunizing Horn Charm +1
An accoutrement worn by the ancestral followers.
Greatly raises immunity.
(Immunity governs resistance to poison and rot.)
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Clarifying Horn Charm
An accoutrement worn by the ancestral followers.
Raises focus.
(Focus governs resistance to sleep and madness.)
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Clarifying Horn Charm +1
An accoutrement worn by the ancestral followers.
Greatly raises focus.
(Focus governs resistance to sleep and madness.)
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Prince of Death's Pustule
A fetid pustule taken from facial flesh.
Raises vitality.
(Vitality governs resistance to the effects of Death.)
It is said that this pustule came from the visage of the Prince of Death, he who used to be called Godwyn. As First Dead of the demigods, it's said he's buried deep under the capital, at the Erdtree's roots.
Prince of Death's Cyst
A fetid, overgrown cyst taken from facial flesh.
Greatly raises vitality.
(Vitality governs resistance to the effects of Death.)
It is said that this cyst came from the corrupted visage of one unable to die a true Death. Indeed, it comes from the Prince of Death, scion of the golden bough and First of the Dead among the demigods.
Mottled Necklace
A vividly-colored accoutrement precious to the ancestral followers.
Raises immunity, robustness, and focus.
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Mottled Necklace +1
A vividly-colored accoutrement precious to the ancestral followers.
Greatly raises immunity, robustness, and focus.
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believe that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
Bull-Goat's Talisman
A talisman depicting the horns of a bull-goat.
Raises poise.
Bull-goats are associated with the stout and mighty Tragoth, said to be unflinching in combat—now a silent comrade to those who fight.
Marika's Scarseal
An eye engraved with an Elden Rune.
Said to be the seal of Queen Marika.
Raises mind, intelligence, faith, and arcane, but also increases damage taken.
These seals represent the lifelong duty of those chosen by the gods.
Marika's Soreseal
This legendary talisman is an eye engraved with an Elden Rune, said to be the seal of Queen Marika.
Greatly raises mind, intelligence, faith, and arcane, but also increases damage taken by a similar measure.
Solemn duty weighs upon the one beholden; not unlike a gnawing curse from which there is no deliverance.
Warrior Jar Shard
Shard of a shattered warrior jar.
Boosts the attack power of skills.
Scraps of stewed flesh cling to the shard, and tatters of ornaments can be seen mingled within the slime. Relics of ancient royal warriors, perhaps.
Shard of Alexander
Shard of the late Alexander, a shattered warrior jar.
Greatly boosts the attack power of skills.
Scraps of stewed flesh cling to the shard, and tatters of ornaments can be seen mingled within the slime. Relics of a red-haired champion, it would seem.
Millicent's Prosthesis
Part of the golden prosthesis used by Millicent.
The hand is locked into a fist that once raised a sword aloft.
Boosts dexterity and raises attack power with successive attacks.
The despair of sweet betrayal transformed Millicent from a mere bud into a magnificent flower. And one day, she will be reborn—as a beautiful scarlet valkyrie.
Magic Scorpion Charm
A talisman carried by assassins who strike unseen.
Patterned on a scorpion freshly shed of its exoskeleton, its claws seizing a heart that shimmers with magic.
Raises magic attack power, but lowers damage negation.
Lightning Scorpion Charm
A talisman carried by assassins who strike unseen.
Patterned on a scorpion freshly shed of its exoskeleton, its claws seizing a heart that sparks with lightning.
Raises lightning attack power, but lowers damage negation.
Fire Scorpion Charm
A talisman carried by assassins who strike unseen.
Patterned on a scorpion freshly shed of its exoskeleton, its claws seizing a heart that burns with fire.
Raises fire attack power, but lowers damage negation.
Sacred Scorpion Charm
A talisman carried by assassins who strike unseen.
Patterned on a scorpion freshly shed of its exoskeleton, its claws seizing a heart with a blessed glow.
Raises holy attack power, but lowers damage negation.
Red-Feathered Branchsword
A talisman adorned with red feathers, once used in ancient death rituals.
Raises attack power when HP is low.
The heart sings when one draws close to death, and a glorious end awaits those who cling so tenaciously to life.
Ritual Sword Talisman
A talisman patterned after swords used in ritual combat held to honor the Erdtree.
Raises attack power when HP is at maximum.
The practice had died out by the age of King Consort Radagon, but remains of the arenas where ritual combat took place can still be found in every land.
Spear Talisman
A talisman depicting a spear and a soldier.
Enhances the counterattacks that are unique to thrusting weapons.
Spears are standard weapons for soldiers in the Lands Between. They made it possible to respond to a ferocious foe with an equally ferocious counterattack.
Hammer Talisman
A talisman depicting a hammer and a knight.
Enhances stamina-reducing attacks against a blocking opponent.
Hammers are highly effective against shield-bearing foes, so much so that they are known as "knight-killers."
Winged Sword Insignia
A talisman depicting a raised prosthetic blade.
An honor bestowed upon the knights who fought alongside Malenia the Severed.
Raises attack power with successive attacks.
The wings symbolize Malenia and her undefeated prowess. Though she never knew relief from the accursed rot she was born into, her blade was forever beautiful—and relentless.
Rotten Winged Sword Insignia
A talisman depicting a raised prosthetic blade.
An honor bestowed upon the valkyries who serve the Goddess of Rot.
Greatly raises attack power with successive attacks.
The four sisters were born in the Swamp of Aeonia, and came to the Haligtree under the aegis of Gowry. And yet, those buds were doomed to never blossom.
Dagger Talisman
A talisman depicting a dagger and a surgeon.
Enhances critical hits.
The white-garbed field surgeons come to the aid of friend and foe alike by dealing a final deadly thrust to spare them from the prolonged agony of a mortal wound. A sense of mercy is a catalyst for bloodlust.
Arrow's Reach Talisman
A talisman depicting three arrows.
Carried by hunters of beasts.
Increases the effective range of bows.
Blue Dancer Charm
A cloth doll depicting a dancer garbed in blue.
An ancient heirloom of some sort.
Raises attack power with lower equipment load.
The dancer in blue represents a fairy, who in legend bestowed a flowing sword upon a blind swordsman. Blade in hand, the swordsman sealed away an ancient god—a god that was Rot itself.
Twinblade Talisman
A talisman depicting a twinblade and a confessor.
Enhances the final hit ending a chain of attacks.
The twinblade technique is a tradition of the confessors, who closely guard the secret of how they preserve the momentum of their attacks. Thus is the final strike of their onslaught all the more deadly.
Axe Talisman
A talisman depicting an axe and a warrior.
Enhances charge attacks.
The Lord who led the Long March bore an axe, and his loyal warriors honored him by wielding axes of their own, making them very effective at dealing decisive blows.
Lance Talisman
A talisman depicting a lance and a knight.
Enhances attacks while on horseback.
Knights on horseback are deadly foes. They see all below from their lofty position, meeting little meaningful resistance as they charge ahead.
Arrow's Sting Talisman
A talisman depicting three iron arrows.
Carried by soldiers long ago.
Raises attack power of arrows and bolts.
Lord of Blood's Exultation
A talisman depicting the exultation of the Lord of Blood.
Raises attack power when blood loss occurs in the vicinity.
"Render up your offerings of blood to your Lord. Drench my consort's chamber. Slake his cocoon's thirst. His awakening shall herald the dawn of our dynasty."
Kindred of Rot's Exultation
A talisman depicting the exultation of pests.
Raises attack power when poisoning or rot occurs in the vicinity.
"Rot for the scarlet goddess. O scarlet blossoms, flourish in distant lands, and return to us, the unwanted children."
Claw Talisman
A talisman depicting a claw and an assassin.
Enhances jump attacks.
The assassins of Ravenmount are killers by trade. They assail their victims while dressed as birds of prey.
Roar Medallion
A bronze medallion depicting a roaring giant.
Enhances roars and breath attacks.
In ancient times, the giants were mortal enemies of the Erdtree. Their bellowing roars desolated nature, triggered avalanches, and whipped up storms of flame.
Curved Sword Talisman
A talisman depicting a curved sword and a swordsman.
Enhances guard counters.
It is said that a blind swordsman was the originator of this technique—the art of allowing one's opponent to strike so as to leave them vulnerable to a well-timed reply.
Companion Jar
A talisman given by the jars to their friends.
Raises potency of thrown jars.
Though the jars are brought to life by human flesh and blood, they are all rather kindly folk. Perhaps they were made to be better than their innards.
Perfumer's Talisman
A talisman depicting a set of perfume bottles.
Raises potency of perfume items.
There are gardens known only to the perfumers. Whether hidden on the fringes of the highlands, or obscured by shadows inside caves, the flowers blossom in secret, waiting to impart their scent.
Graven-School Talisman
A talisman depicting a school of graven mages, the nightmare of the academy.
Raises potency of sorceries.
The primeval current is a forbidden tradition of glintstone sorcery. To those who cleave to its teachings, the act of collecting sorcerers to fashion them into the seeds of stars is but another path of scientific inquiry.
Graven-Mass Talisman
A talisman depicting the first school of graven mages—a nightmare that would continue to haunt the academy.
Greatly raises potency of sorceries.
The primeval current is a forbidden tradition of glintstone sorcery. To those who cleave to its teachings, the act of collecting sorcerers to fashion them into the seeds of stars is but another path of scientific inquiry.
Faithful's Canvas Talisman
A talisman bearing an icon that depicts a group of masked figures.
Raises potency of incantations.
The figures represent the flock at prayer, their firm belief in the intangible inspiring even the solitary founder of their religion.
What is faith if not an affirmation?
Flock's Canvas Talisman
A talisman bearing an icon that depicts a mass of masked figures.
Greatly raises potency of incantations.
The figures represent the flock at prayer, their firm belief in the intangible inspiring even the solitary founder of their religion.
What is faith if not an affirmation?
Old Lord's Talisman
A legendary talisman depicting the ancient king whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time.
Extends the duration of sorceries and incantations.
It is said that the ancient royal city of Farum Azula has been slowly crumbling since time immemorial.
Radagon Icon
A legendary talisman depicting the Elden Lord Radagon.
Shortens the casting time of sorceries and incantations.
As the husband of Rennala of Caria, the red-haired Radagon studied sorcery, and as the husband of Queen Marika, he studied incantations. Thus did the hero aspire to be complete.
Primal Glintstone Blade
An old glintstone blade that has been stained with blood.
Reduces FP consumption of sorceries and incantations at the cost of maximum HP.
The old sorcerers would slice open their hearts with these blades to imbue a primal glintstone with their soul, and thus did they die.
Godfrey Icon
A legendary talisman depicting the Elden Lord Godfrey.
Raises charge attack power of sorceries, incantations, and skills.
Godfrey was a ferocious warrior. When he vowed to become a lord, he took the Beast Regent Serosh upon on his back to suppress the ceaseless lust for battle that raged within.
Dragoncrest Shield Talisman
Wrought iron talisman depicting an ancient dragon.
Boosts physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +1
Wrought iron talisman depicting a duo of ancient dragons.
Greatly boosts physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +2
Wrought iron talisman depicting a trio of ancient dragons.
Vastly boosts physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman
Legendary talisman of wrought iron depicting a massive ancient dragon.
Enormously boosts physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Spelldrake Talisman
Talisman depicting a blue ancient dragon.
Boosts magic damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Spelldrake Talisman +1
Talisman depicting a duo of blue ancient dragons.
Greatly boosts magic damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Spelldrake Talisman +2
Talisman depicting a trio of blue ancient dragons.
Vastly boosts magic damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Flamedrake Talisman
Talisman depicting a red ancient dragon.
Boosts fire damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Flamedrake Talisman +1
Talisman depicting a duo of red ancient dragons.
Greatly boosts fire damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Flamedrake Talisman +2
Talisman depicting a trio of red ancient dragons.
Vastly boosts fire damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Boltdrake Talisman
Talisman depicting a yellow ancient dragon.
Boosts lightning damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Boltdrake Talisman +1
Talisman depicting a duo of yellow ancient dragons.
Greatly boosts lightning damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Boltdrake Talisman +2
Talisman depicting a trio of yellow ancient dragons.
Vastly boosts lightning damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Haligdrake Talisman
Talisman depicting a golden ancient dragon.
Boosts holy damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Haligdrake Talisman +1
Talisman depicting a duo of golden ancient dragons.
Greatly boosts holy damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Haligdrake Talisman +2
Talisman depicting a trio of golden ancient dragons.
Vastly boosts holy damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Pearldrake Talisman
Talisman depicting a pearlescent ancient dragon.
Boosts non-physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Pearldrake Talisman +1
Talisman depicting a duo of pearlescent ancient dragons.
Greatly boosts non-physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Pearldrake Talisman +2
Talisman depicting a trio of pearlescent ancient dragons.
Vastly boosts non-physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Crucible Scale Talisman
A talisman fashioned from a scale that embodies the aspects of various creatures.
Said to have grown on the human body long ago.
Reduces damage taken from critical hits.
A vestige of the crucible of primordial life. Born partially of devolution, it was considered a signifier of the divine in ancient times, but is now increasingly disdained as an impurity as civilization has advanced.
Crucible Feather Talisman
A talisman fashioned from feathers that embody the aspects of various creatures.
Said to have grown on the human body long ago.
Improves the effectiveness of dodge rolls, but increases damage taken at all times.
A vestige of the crucible of primordial life. Born partially of devolution, it was considered a signifier of the divine in ancient times, but is now increasingly disdained as an impurity as civilization has advanced.
Blue-Feathered Branchsword
A talisman adorned with blue feathers, once used in ancient death rituals.
Raises defense when HP is low.
The heart sings when one draws close to death, and thus does one cling so tenaciously to life—to render up a death worth offering.
Ritual Shield Talisman
A talisman patterned after shields used in ritual combat held to honor the Erdtree.
Raises defense when HP is at maximum.
The practice had died out by the age of King Consort Radagon, but remains of the arenas where ritual combat took place can still be found in every land.
Greatshield Talisman
Talisman depicting a knight holding a greatshield.
Boosts guarding ability.
The knights of Leyndell once modelled themselves after the Tree Sentinels. Their purpose is to protect that which deserves protection, and thus the shield always comes before the sword.
Crucible Knot Talisman
A talisman fashioned from a bony knot that embodies the aspects of various creatures.
Said to have grown on the human body long ago.
Reduces damage and impact of headshots taken.
A vestige of the crucible of primordial life. Born partially of devolution, it was considered a signifier of the divine in ancient times, but is now increasingly disdained as an impurity as civilization has advanced.
Crimson Seed Talisman
A crimson-colored talisman patterned after an Erdtree seed.
Boosts HP restoration from the Flask of Crimson Tears.
The Erdtree was once perfect and eternal, and thus was it believed that Erdtree seeds could not exist.
Cerulean Seed Talisman
A cerulean-colored talisman patterned after an Erdtree seed.
Boosts FP restoration from the Flask of Cerulean Tears.
The Erdtree was once perfect and eternal, and thus was it believed that Erdtree seeds could not exist.
Blessed Dew Talisman
Talisman depicting a drop of the Erdtree's sap, a blessed boon.
Gradually restores HP.
It was once thought that the blessed sap of the Erdtree would drip from its boughs forever—but that age of plenty swiftly came to a close, and with time, the Erdtree became more an object of faith.
Taker's Cameo
A talisman engraved with a stern likeness of Praetor Rykard, master of Volcano Manor.
Restores HP upon defeating enemies.
When Rykard turned to heresy, taking by force became the rule. The gods themselves were no different, after all.
Godskin Swaddling Cloth
Sacred cloth of the Godskin Apostles, made from supple skin sewn together.
Successive attacks restore HP.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen cradles newborn apostles swaddled in this cloth. Soon they will grow to become the death of the gods.
Assassin's Crimson Dagger
An assassin's dagger, misshapen and stained in crimson.
Critical hits restore HP.
This charm is modelled after the darkly gleaming blades used in the Night of Black Knives. Those which gave the demigods their first taste of Death.
Assassin's Cerulean Dagger
An assassin's dagger, misshapen and stained in cerulean.
Critical hits restore FP.
This charm is modelled after the darkly gleaming blades used in the Night of Black Knives. Those which gave the demigods their first taste of Death.
Crepus's Vial
Small mysterious bottle with a dark mist sealed within.
Eliminates all sound made by the wearer during movement.
A ritual implement used by Roundtable Hold assassins. There was a time when Tarnished who had strayed from guidance feared nothing more than utter silence.
Concealing Veil
Talisman put together from dark cloth with a lustrous sheen.
Completely conceals the wearer's presence while crouching at a distance from foes.
Part of one of the concealing veils used by the assassins on the Night of Black Knives.
Carian Filigreed Crest
A talisman adorned with the royal crest.
Lowers FP consumed by skills.
An honor said to have once been awarded to Carian knights who served as direct retainers to the kingdom's princesses. Now there is only one princess: Ranni, daughter of Rennala.
Longtail Cat Talisman
A brooch depicting Lacrima, the long-tailed cat.
Renders the wearer immune to fall damage.
However, it cannot prevent falling to one's death.
Lacrima features in the fables of Raya Lucaria, in which she is described as a faerie cat who was fond of playing in the great bell tower.
Shabriri's Woe
Disturbing likeness of a man whose eyes have been gouged out.
The corners of his mouth are upturned in an almost flirtatious manner.
Constantly attracts enemies' aggression.
It is said that the man, named Shabriri, had his eyes gouged out as punishment for the crime of slander, and, with time, the blight of the flame of frenzy came to dwell in the empty sockets.
Daedicar's Woe
Disturbing likeness of a woman whose skin was flayed.
She smiles with a serene tenderness.
Increases damage taken.
It is said that this woman, named Daedica, indulged in every form of adultery and wicked pleasure imaginable, giving birth to a myriad of grotesque children.
Sacrificial Twig
A talisman fashioned from a dried twig, so slender that it might snap at the slightest touch.
Prevents rune loss upon death, but will be lost itself in exchange.
Believed to be a twig pruned from the Erdtree long, long ago.
Furled Finger's Trick-Mirror
A small, clouded mirror that reflects an image of a golden figure.
Makes the bearer take on the appearance of a Host of Fingers.
One of the ritual implements created by the Tarnished to deceive invaders.
Host's Trick-Mirror
A small, clouded mirror that reflects a flesh-and-blood figure.
Makes the bearer take on the appearance of a summoned cooperator.
One of the ritual implements created by the Tarnished to deceive invaders.
Entwining Umbilical Cord
Mysterious circular object that's oddly warped.
Changes the demeanour of the wearer's actions.
Ancestral Spirit's Horn
Item cut from the horns of the Regal Ancestor Spirit.
Restore FP upon defeating enemies.
A number of new growths bud from the antler-like horns of the fallen king, each glowing with light. Thus does new life grow from death, and from death, one obtains power.
ActionButtonText.fmg
Examine
Touch grace
Rest at site of grace
Rest at table of lost grace
Pick up item
Pillage corpse
Pillage remains
Search treasure chest
OK
Acquire materials
Pull lever
Push lever
Open
Close
Traverse the mist
Climb
Descend
Kick ladder
Contraption does not move
Does not open from this side
It's locked
You are not destined to open this
Opens only to those carrying a finger
The door is blocked shut
It's tightly blocked shut
Talk
Kneel
Steal
Use smithing table
Examine altar
Touch Fractured Marika
Hand over Deathroot
Accept primal glintstone
Transplant primal glintstone
Be held
Touch Fia
Touch the Two Fingers
Summon Latenna
Touch Hyetta
Offer finger
Dye cloth with maiden's blood
Atone
Use dressing table
Speak the truth about Radagon
Where did the body go?
Administer draught
Examine remains
Receive mending rune
Return Unalloyed Gold Needle
Examine grave
Ride
Invade White Mask Varré's world
Invade Old Knight Istvan's world
Invade Rileigh the Idle's world
Invade Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood's world
Invade Vargram the Raging Wolf's world
Invade Great Horned Tragoth's world
Be summoned to assist Yura, Hunter of Bloody Fingers
Be summoned to assist Sorceress Sellen
Be summoned to challenge Sorceress Sellen
Be summoned to assist Millicent
Be summoned to challenge Millicent
Touch cooperative sign
Touch invasion sign
Restore the power of the Great Rune
Touch
Stargaze
Use Birdseye Telescope
Return to entrance
Touch wall of thorns
Touch golden light
Examine seal
Light flame
Touch phantom
Touch horned remains
Go back
Summon Castellan Jerren
Summon Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Summon Alexander, Warrior Jar
Summon Great Horned Tragoth
Summon Okina
Summon Finger Maiden Therolina
Summon Lionel the Lionhearted
Summon Patches
Become the Elden Lord
Summon Ranni
Become the Lord of Frenzied Flame
Wear ring
Open door
Hoist medallion
Hoist secret medallion
Rest in coffin
Examine pedestal
Remove inverted statue
Lie down
Touch gold summon sign
Touch red summon sign
Touch bloodstain
Touch &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;&lt;?codenamePCName?&gt;'s bloodstain
Touch &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;'s bloodstain
Retrieve lost runes
Read message
Read &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;&lt;?codenamePCName?&gt;'s message
Read &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;'s message
Check your summon sign
Check your message
ArtsName.fmg
No Skill
No skill.
This armament has no skill.
If the armament in the other hand has a skill, that skill will be used instead.
Lion's Claw
Skill: Lion's Claw
Skill of the Redmanes, who fought alongside General Radahn.
Somersault forwards, striking foes with armament.
Impaling Thrust
Skill: Impaling Thrust
Skill that lets piercing armaments overcome enemy shields. Build power, then lunge forward for a strong thrust that pierces an enemy's guard.
Piercing Fang
Skill: Piercing Fang
Skill used by Yura, the Bloody Finger Hunter.
Starting with the blade held horizontally, make a powerful thrust that cannot be blocked.
Spinning Slash
Skill: Spinning Slash
Skill favored by dexterous warriors.
Slash foes as your body spins. Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
Charge Forth
Skill: Charge Forth
Quickly charge forward with the armament at the hip, carrying the momentum into a thrust.
Hold to cover a greater distance.
Stamp (Upward Cut)
Skill: Stamp (Upward Cut)
Brace armament and step into a low stance that prevents recoil from most enemy attacks.
Follow up with a strong attack for an upward strike.
Stamp (Sweep)
Skill: Stamp (Sweep)
Brace armament and step into a low stance that prevents recoil from most enemy attacks.
Follow up with a strong attack for a sweeping strike.
Blood Tax
Skill: Blood Tax
Blood Oath skill granted by the Lord of Blood.
Twist to build power, then unleash a flurry of thrusts that rob the target of both their blood and their HP.
Repeating Thrust
Skill: Repeating Thrust
Twist to build power, then unleash a flurry of thrusts.
Wild Strikes
Skill: Wild Strikes
Swing armament with wild abandon.
Hold to continue swinging. Can be followed up with a normal or strong attack.
Spinning Strikes
Skill: Spinning Strikes
Polearm skill that performs continuous spinning attacks. Hold to continue the attack. Can be followed up with a normal or strong attack. Nullifies projectiles such as arrows while spinning.
Double Slash
Skill: Double Slash
Skill of superior swordsmen.
Perform a crossing slash attack from a low stance.
Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks.
Prelate's Charge
Skill: Prelate's Charge
Slam armament into the ground to create a surge of flames, then charge in.
Hold to continue the charge.
Unsheathe
Skill: Unsheathe
Skill of swordsmen from the Land of Reeds.
Sheathe blade, holding it at the hip in a composed stance.
Follow up with a normal or strong attack to perform a swift slash attack.
Square Off
Skill: Square Off
This skill starts with the sword held level.
Follow up with a normal attack to slash upwards through enemy's guard, or a strong attack to perform a running thrust.
Giant Hunt
Skill: Giant Hunt
Skill developed for confronting gigantic foes.
Step forward from a low stance, carrying the momentum into a sudden upward thrust.
Torch Attack
Skill: Torch Attack
Thrust torch forward to set foes ablaze.
This skill is especially effective against foes who are weak to fire.
Loretta's Slash
Skill: Loretta's Slash
Skill of Loretta the Royal Knight.
Leap forward, imbuing the blade with glintstone, then descend, accelerating into a sweeping slash.
Poison Moth Flight
Skill: Poison Moth Flight
Slash with a poison-infused blade.
If the follow-up strike lands on a poisoned foe, it will deal significant damage.
Spinning Weapon
Skill: Spinning Weapon
Defensive skill employed by Carian princesses.
Lifts armament into mid-air, then makes it spin violently. Those it touches will suffer successive attacks.
Storm Assault
Skill: Storm Assault
One of the skills that channel the tempests of Stormveil.
Leap forward through surrounding storm winds and thrust armament downward. The attack will produce more storm winds at the point of impact.
Stormcaller
Skill: Stormcaller
One of the skills that channel the tempests of Stormveil. Spin armament to create surrounding storm winds. Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks.
Sword Dance
Skill: Sword Dance
Quickly close in to perform a series of spinning upward slashes.
Follow up with an additional input to finish with a downward slash.
Spinning Chain
Skill: Spinning Chain
Spins the striking part of a flail at high speed to attack.
Follow up with a normal or strong attack to link the momentum of this skill into a successive attack.
Glintblade Phalanx
Skill: Glintblade Phalanx
Skill used by the enchanted knights who served the Carian royal family. Form an arch of magic glintblades overhead, which will attack foes automatically. Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust.
Sacred Blade
Skill: Sacred Blade
Grants armament's attacks holy essence and fires off a golden blade projectile.
The armament retains its holy essence for a while.
Ice Spear
Skill: Ice Spear
Skill of the warriors who served Lunar Princess Ranni.
Spin armament to release cold magic, then channel it into a piercing spear of ice.
Glintstone Pebble
Skill: Glintstone Pebble
Skill that employs the glintstone sorcery of the same name.
Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust, performed while the armament is still imbued with glintstone.
Bloody Slash
Skill: Bloody Slash
Blood Oath skill granted by the Lord of Blood.
From a low stance, coat the blade in your own blood to unleash a rending blood slash in a wide arc.
Lifesteal Fist
Skill: Lifesteal Fist
Skill that demonstrates mastery of the art of controlling vital energies.
A slow, controlled punch with an energy-infused fist that renders foes unconscious and steals their HP. Only effective against foes of human build.
Eruption
Skill: Eruption
Skill of the knights who serve at Volcano Manor.
Slam armament into the ground, spawning roiling lava which spouts up upon release.
Prayerful Strike
Skill: Prayerful Strike
Raise armament aloft in prayer, then slam it into the ground.
This inspired blow restores HP to the self and nearby allies if it successfully hits.
Gravitas
Skill: Gravitas
Skill originating from the Alabaster Lords, who had skin of stone.
Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well.
In addition to dealing damage, this attack pulls enemies in.
Storm Blade
Skill: Storm Blade
Lost skill of Stormveil.
Surround armament with shearing storm winds that can be fired forward.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Earthshaker
Skill: Earthshaker
Thrust armament into the ground, then gather strength to unleash an earth-shaking shockwave.
Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike.
Golden Land
Skill: Golden Land
Thrust armament into the ground, then gather strength to unleash a blast of sacred energy that coalesces into golden darts. Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike.
Flaming Strike
Skill: Flaming Strike
Skill that emits flame in a wide frontward arc.
Follow up with a strong attack to perform a lunging, sweeping strike.
This will also coat the armament in fire.
Thunderbolt
Skill: Thunderbolt
Skill used by the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Raise armament aloft to call down a bolt of lightning.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Lightning Slash
Skill: Lightning Slash
Call down a bolt of lightning into armament, then swing it down to create an explosive shock.
The armament retains the lightning enchantment for a while.
Carian Grandeur
Skill: Carian Grandeur
Carian royal prestige embodied in a skill.
Transform blade into a magical greatsword and swing it down.
Can be charged to increase its power by up to two levels.
Carian Greatsword
Skill: Carian Greatsword
Carian royal prestige embodied in a skill.
Transform blade into a magical greatsword and swing it down.
Can be charged to increase its power.
Vacuum Slice
Skill: Vacuum Slice
Lost skill of ancient heroes.
Hold the armament aloft to surround it with a shearing vacuum, then launch it forwards as a blade-like projectile.
Black Flame Tornado
Skill: Black Flame Tornado
Spin armament overhead and then plunge it into the ground to summon a raging vortex of black flames.
Hold to create an initial flame tornado while spinning the armament.
Sacred Ring of Light
Skill: Sacred Ring of Light
Skill used by the commanders of the Cleanrot Knights. Gather a sacred ring of light in the armament, then fire it forwards.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Firebreather
Skill: Firebreather
Blow into torch flame, spreading flames in a wide frontward arc. The flames on the ground will continue to burn for a short time.
Blood Blade
Skill: Blood Blade
Wound self to coat the armament with blood, then unleash an airborne blood blade that causes hemorrhaging.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Phantom Slash
Skill: Phantom Slash
Skill inspired by the fond remembrances of the Night's Cavalry. Creates an apparition of the knights' former instructor who guides a joint lunging upward swing. Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
Spectral Lance
Skill: Spectral Lance
Skill of the headless Mausoleum Knights.
Hurl a phantasmic spear at foes.
Chilling Mist
Skill: Chilling Mist
Coat armament in frost, and then slash, spreading frigid mist forwards.
The armament retains its frost for a while.
Poisonous Mist
Skill: Poisonous Mist
Bathe armament in poison, and then slash, spreading toxic mist forwards.
The armament retains its poison for a while.
Shield Bash
Skill: Shield Bash
Brace behind shield before using bodyweight to ram foes while maintaining guarding stance.
Weaker enemies will be shoved backwards, and can even be staggered.
Barricade Shield
Skill: Barricade Shield
Skill made famous by Sir Neidhardt.
Focus your energy into the shield, temporarily hardening it to deflect greater blows.
Parry
Skill: Parry
Use this skill in time with a foe's melee attack to deflect it and break that foe's stance.
This provides an opening to perform a critical hit.
Buckler Parry
Skill: Buckler Parry
Use this skill in time with a foe's melee attack to deflect it and break that foe's stance.
This is faster than a regular parry.
Carian Retaliation
Skill: Carian Retaliation
Swing the shield to dispel incoming sorceries and incantations, transforming the magic into retaliatory glintblades.
Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry.
Storm Wall
Skill: Storm Wall
Swing the shield to create a wall of storm winds in front of you, deflecting arrows and other such physical projectiles.
Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry.
Golden Parry
Skill: Golden Parry
Perform an Erdtree incantation and swing the shield to deflect enemy attacks and break their stance.
Effective even at a slight distance.
Shield Crash
Skill: Shield Crash
Two-hand the shield and charge forwards while maintaining guard. Weaker enemies will be shoved backwards and can even be staggered.
Hold to extend the duration of the charge forwards.
Thops's Barrier
Skill: Thops's Barrier
Erect a magical forcefield while swinging the shield to deflect sorceries and incantations.
Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry.
Through and Through
Skill: Through and Through
Powerful archery skill using a greatbow held in an oblique stance.
Ready the greatbow, then twist the bowstring to fire a mighty greatarrow that can penetrate through enemies.
Barrage
Skill: Barrage
Archery skill using a bow held horizontally.
Ready the bow, then fire off a rapid succession of shots faster than the eye can see.
Mighty Shot
Skill: Mighty Shot
Archery skill performed from an oblique stance.
Ready the bow, then pull the bowstring to its limit to enhance the power of the shot, penetrating the enemy's guard.
Enchanted Shot
Skill: Enchanted Shot
Archery skill that enlivens the arrow with spiritual essence.
The resulting shot will fly faster than regular shots and change its trajectory to follow the target.
Sky Shot
Skill: Sky Shot
Archery skill performed from a low stance.
Ready the bow, then fire an arrow high up into the air, arcing so as to strike the enemy from above when it comes down.
Rain of Arrows
Skill: Rain of Arrows
Archery skill performed from a low stance.
Ready the bow, then fire a burst of arrows into the sky to shower the enemy with projectiles.
Hoarfrost Stomp
Skill: Hoarfrost Stomp
Stomp hard to spread a trail of freezing mist on the ground.
The mist applies the frost status effect.
Storm Stomp
Skill: Storm Stomp
One of the skills that channel the tempests of Stormveil.
Stomp hard on the ground to kick up a momentary storm.
Kick
Skill: Kick
Push an enemy back with a high kick.
Effective against enemies who are guarding, and can break a foe's stance.
Sometimes a simple tool is the most effective.
Lightning Ram
Skill: Lightning Ram
Skill inspired by tumbling rams.
Let out a bleat, then tumble forwards, clad in lightning.
Tumbles can be repeated in rapid succession.
Flame of the Redmanes
Skill: Flame of the Redmanes
Skill of the Redmanes, who fought alongside General Radahn.
Produce a powerful burst of flames in a wide frontward arc.
Ground Slam
Skill: Ground Slam
Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead.
The resulting pratfall sends a powerful shockwave in all directions.
Golden Slam
Skill: Golden Slam
Skill of the avatars who protect Minor Erdtrees.
Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead.
The resulting pratfall sends golden shockwaves in all directions.
Waves of Darkness
Skill: Waves of Darkness
Plunge armament into the ground to release three waves of darkness.
Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike.
Hoarah Loux's Earthshaker
Skill: Hoarah Loux's Earthshaker
Slam both hands onto the ground to violently shake the earth and unleash a shockwave.
Follow up with an additional input to slam the ground again.
Determination
Skill: Determination
A knightly skill.
Hold the flat of the armament to your face and pledge your resolve, powering up your next attack.
Royal Knight's Resolve
Skill: Royal Knight's Resolve
Skill of the knights who once served the Elden Lord.
Hold the flat of the armament to your face and pledge your resolve, greatly powering up your next attack.
Assassin's Gambit
Skill: Assassin's Gambit
Skill that masks the user's presence at the cost of a self-inflicted wound.
Grants near-invisibility and silences footsteps.
Golden Vow
Skill: Golden Vow
Skill passed down from antiquity among the knights of the capital. Raise armament aloft and pledge to honor the Erdtree in battle, granting self and nearby allies increased attack power and defense.
Sacred Order
Skill: Sacred Order
Skill of the Golden Order fundamentalist knights.
Perform a salute and grant the armament holy essence.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death.
Shared Order
Skill: Shared Order
Skill of the Golden Order fundamentalist knights.
Grant the armament and those of nearby allies holy essence.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death.
Seppuku
Skill: Seppuku
A forbidden technique used by swordsmen from the Land of Reeds. Plunge the blade into your stomach to stain it with blood. Increases attack power and improves ability to inflict blood loss.
Cragblade
Skill: Cragblade
Skill that manipulates gravity.
Bury the armament in the ground, pulling rocks from the earth to reinforce it. Increases attack power and makes it easier to break enemy stance.
Barbaric Roar
Skill: Barbaric Roar
Let loose a bestial roar to rally the spirit and increase attack power.
While active, strong attacks change to savage combo attacks.
War Cry
Skill: War Cry
Give a war cry to rally the spirit and increase attack power.
While active, strong attacks change to charging attacks.
Beast's Roar
Skill: Beast's Roar
Unleash a beastly roar, rending the air as a forward-travelling projectile.
Troll's Roar
Skill: Troll's Roar
Look into the distance and let out an intense roar, generating a powerful shockwave that blows back surrounding foes.
Follow up with a strong attack to slam the armament down.
Braggart's Roar
Skill: Braggart's Roar
Declare your presence with a boastful roar.
Raises attack power, defense, and stamina recovery speed.
Endure
Skill: Endure
Assume an anchored stance to brace for incoming attacks, briefly boosting poise.
Damage taken while using this skill is reduced.
Vow of the Indomitable
Skill: Vow of the Indomitable
Skill of the ancient warriors of the Erdtree.
Hold shield aloft to imbue yourself with golden power, granting momentary invincibility.
Holy Ground
Skill: Holy Ground
Raise shield to create an Erdtree-consecrated area that continuously restores HP and boosts defense for self and allies inside it.
Quickstep
Skill: Quickstep
Skill prized by the crafty and fleet of foot.
Perform a quickstep maneuver that allows for circling around lock-on targets.
Bloodhound's Step
Skill: Bloodhound's Step
Skill that allows the user to become temporarily invisible while dodging at high speed. Moves faster and travels farther than a regular quickstep.
This skill can be used to circle around lock-on targets.
Raptor of the Mists
Skill: Raptor of the Mists
Duck into a low stance, momentarily vanishing.
If an enemy attack connects, avian wings will allow for a quick escape into the air.
White Shadow's Lure
Skill: White Shadow's Lure
Hold armament in a brief, silent prayer to create a white shadow.
The apparition lures in foes of human build who are not in combat, drawing their aggression. Effective on demi-humans even if they are already in a combat state.
Surge of Faith
Unique Skill: Surge of Faith
Set the flames of Birac's faith ablaze in the cranial vessel, then raise it aloft to rain down fireballs in all directions.
Repeated inputs will continue to raise the armament aloft, continuing the attack.
Flame Spit
Unique Skill: Flame Spit
Ready the shield, then launch a fireball from the barrel.
The fireball explodes on impact.
Tongues of Fire
Unique Skill: Tongues of Fire
Ready the shield, then spray violent jets of fire from the tongues protruding from its maw.
Hold to continue spraying fire. This skill can be used while walking.
Oracular Bubble
Unique Skill: Oracular Bubble
Blow on the horn to release a magic bubble.
The bubble floats gently through the air towards its target.
Bubble Shower
Unique Skill: Bubble Shower
Blow on the horn to release a spume of magic bubbles.
The bubbles float gently before raining down on the target.
Great Oracular Bubble
Unique Skill: Great Oracular Bubble
Blow on the horn to release a massive magic bubble.
The bubble floats gently through the air towards its target.
Sea of Magma
Unique Skill: Sea of Magma
Swing a molten whip overhead to temporarily cover the surrounding area in a sea of magma.
Hold to continue swinging the lava whip.
Viper Bite
Unique Skill: Viper Bite
Give the shield a quick shake to temporarily bring the bronze viper to life, inciting it to lash out and bite foes.
Moonlight Greatsword
Unique Skill: Moonlight Greatsword
Raise the sword aloft, bathing it in the light of the dark moon.
Temporarily increases magic attack power and imbues blade with frost.
Charged attacks release blasts of moonlight.
Siluria's Woe
Unique Skill: Siluria's Woe
Thrust the treespear in a spiraling motion, surrounding it in a vortex of wind.
Charged attacks have the power to blow away enemies and can fire the tornado forwards.
Rallying Standard
Unique Skill: Rallying Standard
Hoist the war banner aloft and give a rallying command.
Raises attack power and defense for self and nearby allies.
Bear Witness!
Unique Skill: Bear Witness!
Grant the small dragon a fleeting glimpse of life and thrust it skyward, spewing flames over a wide frontward area.
Eochaid's Dancing Blade
Unique Skill: Eochaid's Dancing Blade
Infuse the sword with energy, then fling it forwards in a corkscrew attack. The sword continuously deals damage while violently spinning.
Charge the attack to increase reach and duration of the spin.
Soul Stifler
Unique Skill: Soul Stifler
Raise the greathorn's wings to summon a soul-sapping miasma.
Enemies in the affected area will temporarily suffer from reduced defense.
Taker's Flames
Unique Skill: Taker's Flames
Raise the sacred sword aloft to set it ablaze with blasphemous flames, then bring it down to fire off a forward blast.
The flames steal HP from those they touch.
Shriek of Milos
Unique Skill: Shriek of Milos
Lets out a horrific cursed scream that reduces all damage negation and status resistances for nearby foes.
While active, strong attacks will change to a combo attack.
Reduvia Blood Blade
Unique Skill: Reduvia Blood Blade
Slash with the wicked dagger, transforming its never-drying bloodstains into airborne blood blades that cause hemorrhaging.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Glintstone Dart
Unique Skill: Glintstone Dart
Skill that builds from the Glintstone Pebble sorcery.
Charge the skill to upgrade it to Glintstone Dart.
Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust.
Flowing Form
Unique Skill: Flowing Form
Temporarily transforms armament into its liquid form.
Swing the armament like a whip to perform a sweeping slice over a wide area.
Night-and-Flame Stance
Unique Skill: Night-and-Flame Stance
Hold the sword level and prepare to cast a sorcery.
Follow up with a normal attack to cast the Night Comet sorcery, or a strong attack to sweep forward with a burst of flames.
Wave of Gold
Unique Skill: Wave of Gold
Imbue the sword with bygone golden glory, then fire it at foes.
A wide, golden wave fans out forwards, sweeping through all enemies caught in its path.
Ruinous Ghostflame
Unique Skill: Ruinous Ghostflame
Swing the sword to bathe its blade in ghostflame.
The ghostflame adds magic damage to attacks, and also has a bitterly cold bite.
Establish Order
Unique Skill: Establish Order
Raise the armament in a salute, releasing a golden explosion.
Repeated inputs send out waves of golden light.
Mists of Slumber
Unique Skill: Mists of Slumber
Releases a faint purple mist that spreads across a wide frontwards area.
This mist inflicts the sleep ailment upon foes.
Spearcall Ritual
Unique Skill: Spearcall Ritual
Thrust the spear high, bearing prayers into the sky to summon a downpour of spectral spears.
Wolf's Assault
Unique Skill: Wolf's Assault
Infuse the greatsword with frost, then perform a forward somersault to plunge it into the ground. Then, pull it out to release a cold blast.
Thundercloud Form
Unique Skill: Thundercloud Form
Temporarily transform into a red thundercloud and fly through the air, then plunge down with a lightning-infused blade.
Hold to increase the reach of the thundercloud form.
Cursed-Blood Slice
Unique Skill: Cursed-Blood Slice
Brace, then charge forward to deliver a downward diagonal slice.
The bloody trail of the blade is followed by a burst of flame.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
Waterfowl Dance
Unique Skill: Waterfowl Dance
Perform a series of one-footed leaps in the manner of a waterfowl to unleash a swift yet graceful slashing combo.
Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks.
Gold Breaker
Unique Skill: Gold Breaker
Leap up high and, while suspended in midair, imbue the rune shard with light before smashing it down hard onto the ground.
The heroic Radagon's signature attack.
I Command Thee, Kneel!
Unique Skill: I Command Thee, Kneel!
Repeatedly smash the Axe of Godrick into the ground, unleashing two earth-shaking shockwaves.
Follow up with an additional input to produce a third shockwave.
Regal Roar
Unique Skill: Regal Roar
Let loose a mighty war cry, raising attack power, while sending out a shockwave that cannot be guarded against by stomping the ground. While active, strong attack becomes a lunging slash.
Starcaller Cry
Unique Skill: Starcaller Cry
Bring the two swords together and roar into the skies, pulling in enemies with a gravitational wave.
Follow up with an additional input to slam down with gravity-infused swords.
Wave of Destruction
Unique Skill: Wave of Destruction
Raise the sword up high, then strike it against the ground to fire off a wave of gravitational force.
Bloodboon Ritual
Unique Skill: Bloodboon Ritual
Raise the sacred spear and pierce the body of the Formless Mother. Stab up to three times, creating explosions of blood with each thrust.
This skill will coat the armament with bloodflame for a while.
Flowing Form
Unique Skill: Flowing Form
Temporarily transforms armament into its liquid form. Swing the armament like a whip to strike surroundings before slamming its teardrop-shaped head down.
Blade of Death
Unique Skill: Blade of Death
Unleash the power of the Rune of Death to fire off a blade-like projectile.
In addition to dealing immediate damage, the blade reduces the enemy's maximum HP and continues to wear down HP for a while.
Blade of Gold
Unique Skill: Blade of Gold
Leap into the air, charging the armament with golden flames that are then shot at the enemy as a single, blade-like projectile.
Inflicts holy damage.
Destined Death
Unique Skill: Destined Death
Set free the remnants of Destined Death, plunging the greatsword into the ground to summon a myriad of blades. In addition to dealing immediate damage, this attack reduces the enemy's maximum HP and continues to wear down HP for a short time.
Spinning Wheel
Unique Skill: Spinning Wheel
Strike the wheel against the ground to set it spinning at top speed. Hold to keep the wheel spinning. Can be used while walking to push the armament into enemies.
Alabaster Lords' Pull
Unique Skill: Alabaster Lord's Pull
Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well. In addition to dealing damage, this attack pulls enemies in.
Has a greater area of effect than Gravitas.
Onyx Lords' Repulsion
Unique Skill: Onyx Lord's Repulsion
Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well. In addition to dealing damage, this attack sends enemies flying away.
Oath of Vengeance
Unique Skill: Oath of Vengeance
Swear an oath upon the greatsword to avenge the clan, temporarily raising all attributes for a certain duration. While the oath's effects are active, poise will also be increased.
Ice Lightning Sword
Unique Skill: Ice Lightning Sword
Call down a bolt of ice lightning into the blade and bring it down upon a foe.
The ice lightning effect will persist for a while.
Regal Beastclaw
Unique Skill: Regal Beastclaw
Slam the hammer into the ground, rending the land asunder with the armament's five bestial claws.
Flame Dance
Unique Skill: Flame Dance
Imbue the red braid with the Giants' Flame and lash out in a wide range with a series of agile swings.
Claw Flick
Unique Skill: Claw Flick
Cause the finger to swell, then flex to build up strength before giving enemies an almighty flick.
Nebula
Unique Skill: Nebula
Imbue the Naturalborn's stars with magic to perform a sweeping strike.
This attack leaves a dark cloud of stars in its wake that lingers briefly before exploding.
Ghostflame Ignition
Unique Skill: Ghostflame Ignition
Thrust out the barbed rod and set its tip alight with ghostflame.
Follow up with a normal attack to set the ground ablaze with ghostflame, or a strong attack to trigger a massive explosion.
Ancient Lightning Spear
Unique Skill: Ancient Lightning Spear
Imbue the armament with the ancient dragons' red lightning, then throw it as a spear.
Can be charged to increase its power.
Frenzyflame Thrust
Unique Skill: Frenzyflame Thrust
Imbue the spear with the flame of frenzy and leap forwards, plunging it into the ground and setting off a maddening explosion.
The skill inflicts both the enemy and the user with madness.
Miquella's Ring of Light
Unique Skill: Miquella's Ring of Light
Summon Miquella's shining halo and fire it forwards.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Golden Tempering
Unique Skill: Golden Tempering
Cross the two swords to grant their attacks holy essence.
While in effect, strong attack performs a dual-wielding combo attack.
Last Rites
Unique Skill: Last Rites
Raise the epitaph to grant the effect of Sacred Order to yourself and allies in the vicinity.
Particularly effective at laying to rest Those Who Live in Death.
Unblockable Blade
Unique Skill: Unblockable Blade
Imbue the cipher blade with light, extending its length, then strike with a sudden sweeping attack.
This attack cannot be blocked.
Corpse Wax Cutter
Unique Skill: Corpse Wax Cutter
Lost skill of ancient heroes.
Lift the sword up high to release the power of corpse wax and launch it forwards as a blade-like projectile.
Zamor Ice Storm
Unique Skill: Zamor Ice Storm
Plunge the curved sword into the ground, building power before unleashing a freezing storm that batters the surroundings.
Radahn's Rain
Unique Skill: Radahn's Rain
Archery skill performed from a low stance.
Ready the bow and fire a sudden flurry of arrows up into the sky. The arrows will pour on foes like rain.
The Queen's Black Flame
Unique Skill: The Queen's Black Flame
Set the blade ablaze with the god-slaying black flame before delivering a sweeping slash. Additional input allows for a follow-up attack. The black flames will continue to wear down HP for a while.
Dynast's Finesse
Unique Skill: Dynast's Finesse
Nimbly avoid an attack, securing some distance from foes. Follow up with strong attack to perform a sudden lunge, and press strong attack again to perform a sweeping slice.
Magma Shower
Unique Skill: Magma Shower
Slash at foes in a twirling motion while scattering magma all around.
Additional input allows for a follow-up attack.
Nebula
Unique Skill: Nebula
Imbue the Naturalborn's wings with magic to send forth a dark cloud of stars that lingers briefly before exploding.
Death Flare
Unique Skill: Death Flare
Set the lusterless sun ablaze with the Prince of Death's flames, inflicting the death ailment upon foes.
Follow up with an additional input to bring down the armament, triggering an explosion.
Bloodhound's Finesse
Unique Skill: Bloodhound's Finesse
Slash upwards with the Bloodhound's Fang, using the momentum of the strike to perform a backwards somersault and gain some distance from foes. Follow up with a strong attack to perform the Bloodhound's Step attack.
Magma Guillotine
Unique Skill: Magma Guillotine
Grab the scalesword with both hands, as a wyrm would hold it in its mouth, and leap forwards, smashing it into the ground and triggering a blast of magma. Follow up with an additional input to perform a chopping attack.
Corpse Piler
Unique Skill: Corpse Piler
Forms a blade of cursed blood for repeated, interweaving successive attacks. Follow up with an additional input for further successive attacks. 
Transient Moonlight
Unique Skill: Transient Moonlight
Sheathe blade, holding it at the hip in a composed stance.
Follow up with either a normal or a strong attack to draw the blade at great speed for an instant slash attack. Both attacks fire off a wave of light.
Bloodblade Dance
Unique Skill: Bloodblade Dance
Leap at foe to perform a flurry of tornado-like attacks.
Follow up with an additional input to perform an attack that ends in an evasive maneuver.
Knowledge Above All
Unique Skill: Knowledge Above All
Raise the scepter to manifest the realm of the All-Knowing. Enemy magic and holy damage negation will be reduced for all within the area, including the caster.
Devourer of Worlds
Unique Skill: Devourer of Worlds
Charge the scepter with magic and strike it against the ground to steal the HP of all nearby enemies.
Familal Rancor
Unique Skill: Familial Rancor
Gently rattle the copper heads to summon vengeful spirits that chase down foes.
The anguish of a spouse and children invites accursed wrath.
Rosus's Summons
Unique Skill: Rosus's Summons
Raise the axe aloft to summon those lost in death.
Three skeletons will appear at a distance and attack in tandem before vanishing.
Thunderstorm
Unique Skill: Thunderstorm
Imbue the armament's wing-blade with lightning and swing it around to create a tempestuous lightning storm. Follow up with an additional input to perform up to two spinning attacks.
The lightning will stay on the blade for a while.
Sacred Phalanx
Unique Skill: Sacred Phalanx
Release the power of a hidden incantation to erect a palisade of golden spears frontwards.
Great-Serpent Hunt
Unique Skill: Great-Serpent Hunt
Perform a powerful forward lunge and follow up with an upward thrust via additional input. When fighting a great serpent, a long blade of light will appear, revealing the armament's true power.
Angel's Wings
Unique Skill: Angel's Wings
Jump and imbue the wing-blade of the armament with light, then deliver a slashing attack on the enemy.
The white wings impede recovery actions using a flask of tears.
Storm Kick
Unique Skill: Storm Kick
Thrust the prosthetic leg blade into the ground, creating a storm.
Follow up with a strong attack to perform a lightning-infused jumping attack.
Unblockable Blade
Unique Skill: Unblockable Blade
Imbue the cipher blade with light, then lunge forward with a sudden piercing attack.
This attack cannot be blocked.
Sorcery of the Crozier
Unique Skill: Sorcery of the Crozier
Channel magic into the glintstone to activate an ancient sorcery, producing floating magic projectiles that chase enemies automatically.
Erdtree Slam
Unique Skill: Erdtree Slam
Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead. The resulting pratfall sends golden shockwaves in all directions.
This is the most powerful of all the Ground Slam skills.
Gravity Bolt
Unique Skill: Gravity Bolt
Imbue the jaw of fallingstar beast with gravitational lightning, sending a bolt crashing down a short distance away.
Can be fired in rapid succession.
Fires of Slumber
Unique Skill: Fires of Slumber
Blow into the candlestick's flame, creating a stream of hazy purple fire to cover the ground ahead.
The intoxicating flames inflict the sleep ailment upon foes.
Golden Retaliation
Unique Skill: Golden Retaliation
Ready the shield to unleash its protective incantation.
This will dispel sorceries and incantations, retaliating with golden power.
Contagious Fury
Unique Skill: Contagious Fury
Incite the jellyfish's wrath and allow its fury to flow through you.
Raises attack power for a certain duration.
Ordovis's Vortex
Unique Skill: Ordovis's Vortex
Channel the power of the crucible to spin the entire sword in midair, building momentum before slamming the blade down onto the ground.
This skill can be charged to increase its power.
Spinning Weapon
Unique Skill: Spinning Weapon
Channel magic into the glintstone to suspend the scepter in mid air and cause it to spin violently.
Those it touches will suffer successive magic attacks.
-
Skill: Spinning Reaper
Skill developed to face crowds of enemies.
Slice at foes while performing a great
rotation with the body. The momentum
generated can empower a final, heavy strike.
Skill: Invisible Arrow
Nearly invisible magic arrow that leaves
no trail and disappears on impact.
Skill: Death Monarch
Launch summoned death monarchs at enemies,
siphoning HP from those hit and returning
it to the caster.
Skill: Miquella's Hidden Blade
Conjures a blade blessed with Miquella's protection, and performs an attack that is highly damaging against those who live in death.
Shadow bathes in light and knows weakness
Precipice of Anticipation
Night Sky Unceasing
Crumbling Lands
The Cave of Knowledge lies below
Erudition guide thee!
May erudition light the way!
Aim for the beak
I'm bound northways for Liurnia.
May fate find us doing business again.
Open for business...
There's a traitor taken care of.
Onwards to Nokron, then.
Go on. I'll catch up.
Find yourself maidenless?
Off to Liurnia with you, then!
Seek the Rose Church, west of the Gate Town.
Surely what you seek is somewhere close by...
Rainbow Stones lead the way to riches...
Stop by the shack
Stop by the shack beyond the southern gate
Forgive me
Seek a northwestern isle
I'm bound northways for Leyndell.
May fate find us doing business again.
Seek the western edge of the main road
Seek a shattered bridge at the top of a bypath
Though the path be broken and uncertain,
claim your place as Elden Lord!
Seluvis' puppet. Do not touch
Regression alone reveals secrets
Radagon is Marika
A chamber lies under the ruins
Far to the east, you'll find the Cathedral of Dragon Communion. A place where draconic power gathers.
I'll defile you next. Come to the outer moat.
&lt;?bmsg?&gt; ahead
No &lt;?bmsg?&gt; ahead
&lt;?bmsg?&gt; required ahead
Be wary of &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Try &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Likely &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
First off, &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Seek &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Still no &lt;?bmsg?&gt;...
Why is it always &lt;?bmsg?&gt;?
If only I had a &lt;?bmsg?&gt;...
Didn't expect &lt;?bmsg?&gt;...
Visions of &lt;?bmsg?&gt;... 
Could this be a &lt;?bmsg?&gt;?
Time for &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
&lt;?bmsg?&gt;, O &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Behold, &lt;?bmsg?&gt;!
Offer &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Praise the &lt;?bmsg?&gt;!
Let there be &lt;?bmsg?&gt;
Ahh, &lt;?bmsg?&gt;...
&lt;?bmsg?&gt;
&lt;?bmsg?&gt;!
&lt;?bmsg?&gt;?
&lt;?bmsg?&gt;...
Enemies
enemy
weak foe
strong foe
monster
dragon
boss
sentry
group
pack
decoy
undead
soldier
knight
cavalier
archer
sniper
mage
ordnance
monarch
lord
demi-human
outsider
giant
horse
dog
wolf
rat
beast
bird
raptor
snake
crab
prawn
octopus
bug
scarab
slug
wraith
skeleton
monstrosity
ill-omened creature
People
Tarnished
warrior
swordfighter
samurai
sorcerer
cleric
sage
merchant
teacher
master
friend
lover
old dear
old codger 
angel
fat coinpurse
pauper
good sort
wicked sort
plump sort
skinny sort
lovable sort
pathetic sort
strange sort
nimble sort
laggardly sort
invisible sort
unfathomable sort
giant sort
sinner
thief
liar
dastard
traitor
pair
trio
noble
aristocrat
hero
champion
god
Things
item
necessary item
precious item
something
something incredible
treasure chest
corpse
coffin
trap
armament
shield
bow
projectile weapon
armor
talisman
skill
sorcery
incantation
map
material
flower
grass
tree
fruit
seed
mushroom
tear
crystal
butterfly
dung
grace
door
key
ladder
lever
lift
spiritspring
sending gate
stone astrolabe
Birdseye Telescope
message
bloodstain
Erdtree
Elden Ring
Battle Tactics
close-quarters battle
ranged battle
horseback battle
luring out
defeating one-by-one
taking on all at once
rushing in
stealth
mimicry
confusion
pursuit
fleeing
summoning
circling around
jumping off
dashing through
brief respite
Actions
attacking
jump attack
running attack
critical hit
two-handing
blocking
parrying
guard counter
throwing
healing
running
rolling
backstepping
jumping
crouching
target lock
item crafting
gesturing
Situations
morning
noon
evening
night
clear sky
overcast
rain
storm
mist
snow
patrolling
procession
crowd
surprise attack
ambush
pincer attack
beating to a pulp
battle
reinforcements
ritual
explosion
high spot
defensible spot
climbable spot
crossable spot
bright spot
dark spot
open area
cramped area
hiding place
sniping spot
recon spot
safety
danger
gorgeous view
detour
hidden path
secret passage
shortcut
dead end
looking away
unnoticed
out of stamina
Places
high road
checkpoint
bridge
castle
fort
city
ruins
church
tower
camp site
house
cemetery
underground tomb
tunnel
cave
evergaol
great tree
cellar
surface
underground
forest
river
lake
bog
mountain
valley
cliff
waterside
nest
hole
Directions
east
west
south
north
ahead
behind
left
right
center
up
down
edge
Body Parts
head
stomach
back
arms
legs
rump
tail
core
fingers
Affinities
physical
standard
striking
slashing
piercing
fire
lightning
magic
holy
poison
toxic
scarlet rot
blood loss
frost
sleep
madness
death
Concepts
life
Death
light
dark
stars
Order
chaos
joy
wrath
suffering
sadness
comfort
bliss
misfortune
good fortune
bad luck
hope
despair
victory
defeat
research
faith
abundance
rot
loyalty
injustice
secret
opportunity
pickle
clue
friendship
love
bravery
vigor
fortitude
confidence
distracted
unguarded
introspection
regret
resignation
futility
on the brink
betrayal
revenge
destruction
recklessness
calmness
vigilance
tranquility
sound
tears
depths
dregs
fear
sacrifice
ruin
Phrases
good luck
look carefully
listen carefully
think carefully
well done
I did it!
I've failed...
here!
not here!
don't you dare!
do it!
I can't take this...
don't think
so lonely...
here again...
just getting started
stay calm
keep moving
turn back
give up
don't give up
help me...
I don't believe it...
too high up
I want to go home...
it's like a dream...
seems familiar...
beautiful...
you don't have the right
are you ready?
and then 
or
but 
therefore 
in short
except
by the way 
so to speak 
all the more 
&lt;?belongMsg?&gt;,
enemy ahead
weak foe ahead
strong foe ahead
monster ahead
dragon ahead
boss ahead
sentry ahead
group ahead
pack ahead
decoy ahead
undead ahead
soldier ahead
knight ahead
cavalier ahead
archer ahead
sniper ahead
mage ahead
ordnance ahead
monarch ahead
lord ahead
demi-human ahead
outsider ahead
giant ahead
horse ahead
dog ahead
wolf ahead
rat ahead
beast ahead
bird ahead
raptor ahead
snake ahead
crab ahead
prawn ahead
octopus ahead
bug ahead
scarab ahead
slug ahead
wraith ahead
skeleton ahead
monstrosity ahead
ill-omened creature ahead
Tarnished ahead
warrior ahead
swordfighter ahead
samurai ahead
sorcerer ahead
cleric ahead
sage ahead
merchant ahead
teacher ahead
master ahead
friend ahead
lover ahead
old dear ahead
old codger  ahead
angel ahead
fat coinpurse ahead
pauper ahead
good sort ahead
wicked sort ahead
plump sort ahead
skinny sort ahead
lovable sort ahead
pathetic sort ahead
strange sort ahead
nimble sort ahead
laggardly sort ahead
invisible sort ahead
unfathomable sort ahead
giant sort ahead
sinner ahead
thief ahead
liar ahead
dastard ahead
traitor ahead
pair ahead
trio ahead
noble ahead
aristocrat ahead
hero ahead
champion ahead
god ahead
item ahead
necessary item ahead
precious item ahead
something ahead
something incredible ahead
treasure chest ahead
corpse ahead
coffin ahead
trap ahead
armament ahead
shield ahead
bow ahead
projectile weapon ahead
armor ahead
talisman ahead
skill ahead
sorcery ahead
incantation ahead
map ahead
material ahead
flower ahead
grass ahead
tree ahead
fruit ahead
seed ahead
mushroom ahead
tear ahead
crystal ahead
butterfly ahead
dung ahead
grace ahead
door ahead
key ahead
ladder ahead
lever ahead
lift ahead
spiritspring ahead
sending gate ahead
stone astrolabe ahead
Birdseye Telescope ahead
message ahead
bloodstain ahead
Erdtree ahead
Elden Ring ahead
close-quarters battle ahead
ranged battle ahead
horseback battle ahead
luring out ahead
defeating one-by-one ahead
taking on all at once ahead
rushing in ahead
stealth ahead
mimicry ahead
confusion ahead
pursuit ahead
fleeing ahead
summoning ahead
circling around ahead
jumping off ahead
dashing through ahead
brief respite ahead
attacking ahead
jump attack ahead
running attack ahead
critical hit ahead
two-handing ahead
blocking ahead
parrying ahead
guard counter ahead
throwing ahead
healing ahead
running ahead
rolling ahead
backstepping ahead
jumping ahead
crouching ahead
target lock ahead
item crafting ahead
gesturing ahead
morning ahead
noon ahead
evening ahead
night ahead
clear sky ahead
overcast ahead
rain ahead
storm ahead
mist ahead
snow ahead
patrolling ahead
procession ahead
crowd ahead
surprise attack ahead
ambush ahead
pincer attack ahead
beating to a pulp ahead
battle ahead
reinforcements ahead
ritual ahead
explosion ahead
high spot ahead
defensible spot ahead
climbable spot ahead
crossable spot ahead
bright spot ahead
dark spot ahead
open area ahead
cramped area ahead
hiding place ahead
sniping spot ahead
recon spot ahead
safety ahead
danger ahead
gorgeous view ahead
detour ahead
hidden path ahead
secret passage ahead
shortcut ahead
dead end ahead
looking away ahead
unnoticed ahead
out of stamina ahead
high road ahead
checkpoint ahead
bridge ahead
castle ahead
fort ahead
city ahead
ruins ahead
church ahead
tower ahead
camp site ahead
house ahead
cemetery ahead
underground tomb ahead
tunnel ahead
cave ahead
evergaol ahead
great tree ahead
cellar ahead
surface ahead
underground ahead
forest ahead
river ahead
lake ahead
bog ahead
mountain ahead
valley ahead
cliff ahead
waterside ahead
nest ahead
hole ahead
east ahead
west ahead
south ahead
north ahead
ahead ahead
behind ahead
left ahead
right ahead
center ahead
up ahead
down ahead
edge ahead
head ahead
stomach ahead
back ahead
arms ahead
legs ahead
rump ahead
tail ahead
core ahead
fingers ahead
physical ahead
standard ahead
striking ahead
slashing ahead
piercing ahead
fire ahead
lightning ahead
magic ahead
holy ahead
poison ahead
toxic ahead
scarlet rot ahead
blood loss ahead
frost ahead
sleep ahead
madness ahead
death ahead
life ahead
Death ahead
light ahead
dark ahead
stars ahead
Order ahead
chaos ahead
joy ahead
wrath ahead
suffering ahead
sadness ahead
comfort ahead
bliss ahead
misfortune ahead
good fortune ahead
bad luck ahead
hope ahead
despair ahead
victory ahead
defeat ahead
research ahead
faith ahead
abundance ahead
rot ahead
loyalty ahead
injustice ahead
secret ahead
opportunity ahead
pickle ahead
clue ahead
friendship ahead
love ahead
bravery ahead
vigor ahead
fortitude ahead
confidence ahead
distracted ahead
unguarded ahead
introspection ahead
regret ahead
resignation ahead
futility ahead
on the brink ahead
betrayal ahead
revenge ahead
destruction ahead
recklessness ahead
calmness ahead
vigilance ahead
tranquility ahead
sound ahead
tears ahead
depths ahead
dregs ahead
fear ahead
sacrifice ahead
ruin ahead
good luck ahead
look carefully ahead
listen carefully ahead
think carefully ahead
well done ahead
I did it! ahead
I've failed... ahead
here! ahead
not here! ahead
don't you dare! ahead
do it! ahead
I can't take this... ahead
don't think ahead
so lonely... ahead
here again... ahead
just getting started ahead
stay calm ahead
keep moving ahead
turn back ahead
give up ahead
don't give up ahead
help me... ahead
I don't believe it... ahead
too high up ahead
I want to go home... ahead
it's like a dream... ahead
seems familiar... ahead
beautiful... ahead
you don't have the right ahead
are you ready? ahead
No enemy ahead
No weak foe ahead
No strong foe ahead
No monster ahead
No dragon ahead
No boss ahead
No sentry ahead
No group ahead
No pack ahead
No decoy ahead
No undead ahead
No soldier ahead
No knight ahead
No cavalier ahead
No archer ahead
No sniper ahead
No mage ahead
No ordnance ahead
No monarch ahead
No lord ahead
No demi-human ahead
No outsider ahead
No giant ahead
No horse ahead
No dog ahead
No wolf ahead
No rat ahead
No beast ahead
No bird ahead
No raptor ahead
No snake ahead
No crab ahead
No prawn ahead
No octopus ahead
No bug ahead
No scarab ahead
No slug ahead
No wraith ahead
No skeleton ahead
No monstrosity ahead
No ill-omened creature ahead
No Tarnished ahead
No warrior ahead
No swordfighter ahead
No samurai ahead
No sorcerer ahead
No cleric ahead
No sage ahead
No merchant ahead
No teacher ahead
No master ahead
No friend ahead
No lover ahead
No old dear ahead
No old codger  ahead
No angel ahead
No fat coinpurse ahead
No pauper ahead
No good sort ahead
No wicked sort ahead
No plump sort ahead
No skinny sort ahead
No lovable sort ahead
No pathetic sort ahead
No strange sort ahead
No nimble sort ahead
No laggardly sort ahead
No invisible sort ahead
No unfathomable sort ahead
No giant sort ahead
No sinner ahead
No thief ahead
No liar ahead
No dastard ahead
No traitor ahead
No pair ahead
No trio ahead
No noble ahead
No aristocrat ahead
No hero ahead
No champion ahead
No god ahead
No item ahead
No necessary item ahead
No precious item ahead
No something ahead
No something incredible ahead
No treasure chest ahead
No corpse ahead
No coffin ahead
No trap ahead
No armament ahead
No shield ahead
No bow ahead
No projectile weapon ahead
No armor ahead
No talisman ahead
No skill ahead
No sorcery ahead
No incantation ahead
No map ahead
No material ahead
No flower ahead
No grass ahead
No tree ahead
No fruit ahead
No seed ahead
No mushroom ahead
No tear ahead
No crystal ahead
No butterfly ahead
No dung ahead
No grace ahead
No door ahead
No key ahead
No ladder ahead
No lever ahead
No lift ahead
No spiritspring ahead
No sending gate ahead
No stone astrolabe ahead
No Birdseye Telescope ahead
No message ahead
No bloodstain ahead
No Erdtree ahead
No Elden Ring ahead
No close-quarters battle ahead
No ranged battle ahead
No horseback battle ahead
No luring out ahead
No defeating one-by-one ahead
No taking on all at once ahead
No rushing in ahead
No stealth ahead
No mimicry ahead
No confusion ahead
No pursuit ahead
No fleeing ahead
No summoning ahead
No circling around ahead
No jumping off ahead
No dashing through ahead
No brief respite ahead
No attacking ahead
No jump attack ahead
No running attack ahead
No critical hit ahead
No two-handing ahead
No blocking ahead
No parrying ahead
No guard counter ahead
No throwing ahead
No healing ahead
No running ahead
No rolling ahead
No backstepping ahead
No jumping ahead
No crouching ahead
No target lock ahead
No item crafting ahead
No gesturing ahead
No morning ahead
No noon ahead
No evening ahead
No night ahead
No clear sky ahead
No overcast ahead
No rain ahead
No storm ahead
No mist ahead
No snow ahead
No patrolling ahead
No procession ahead
No crowd ahead
No surprise attack ahead
No ambush ahead
No pincer attack ahead
No beating to a pulp ahead
No battle ahead
No reinforcements ahead
No ritual ahead
No explosion ahead
No high spot ahead
No defensible spot ahead
No climbable spot ahead
No crossable spot ahead
No bright spot ahead
No dark spot ahead
No open area ahead
No cramped area ahead
No hiding place ahead
No sniping spot ahead
No recon spot ahead
No safety ahead
No danger ahead
No gorgeous view ahead
No detour ahead
No hidden path ahead
No secret passage ahead
No shortcut ahead
No dead end ahead
No looking away ahead
No unnoticed ahead
No out of stamina ahead
No high road ahead
No checkpoint ahead
No bridge ahead
No castle ahead
No fort ahead
No city ahead
No ruins ahead
No church ahead
No tower ahead
No camp site ahead
No house ahead
No cemetery ahead
No underground tomb ahead
No tunnel ahead
No cave ahead
No evergaol ahead
No great tree ahead
No cellar ahead
No surface ahead
No underground ahead
No forest ahead
No river ahead
No lake ahead
No bog ahead
No mountain ahead
No valley ahead
No cliff ahead
No waterside ahead
No nest ahead
No hole ahead
No east ahead
No west ahead
No south ahead
No north ahead
No ahead ahead
No behind ahead
No left ahead
No right ahead
No center ahead
No up ahead
No down ahead
No edge ahead
No head ahead
No stomach ahead
No back ahead
No arms ahead
No legs ahead
No rump ahead
No tail ahead
No core ahead
No fingers ahead
No physical ahead
No standard ahead
No striking ahead
No slashing ahead
No piercing ahead
No fire ahead
No lightning ahead
No magic ahead
No holy ahead
No poison ahead
No toxic ahead
No scarlet rot ahead
No blood loss ahead
No frost ahead
No sleep ahead
No madness ahead
No death ahead
No life ahead
No Death ahead
No light ahead
No dark ahead
No stars ahead
No Order ahead
No chaos ahead
No joy ahead
No wrath ahead
No suffering ahead
No sadness ahead
No comfort ahead
No bliss ahead
No misfortune ahead
No good fortune ahead
No bad luck ahead
No hope ahead
No despair ahead
No victory ahead
No defeat ahead
No research ahead
No faith ahead
No abundance ahead
No rot ahead
No loyalty ahead
No injustice ahead
No secret ahead
No opportunity ahead
No pickle ahead
No clue ahead
No friendship ahead
No love ahead
No bravery ahead
No vigor ahead
No fortitude ahead
No confidence ahead
No distracted ahead
No unguarded ahead
No introspection ahead
No regret ahead
No resignation ahead
No futility ahead
No on the brink ahead
No betrayal ahead
No revenge ahead
No destruction ahead
No recklessness ahead
No calmness ahead
No vigilance ahead
No tranquility ahead
No sound ahead
No tears ahead
No depths ahead
No dregs ahead
No fear ahead
No sacrifice ahead
No ruin ahead
No good luck ahead
No look carefully ahead
No listen carefully ahead
No think carefully ahead
No well done ahead
No I did it! ahead
No I've failed... ahead
No here! ahead
No not here! ahead
No don't you dare! ahead
No do it! ahead
No I can't take this... ahead
No don't think ahead
No so lonely... ahead
No here again... ahead
No just getting started ahead
No stay calm ahead
No keep moving ahead
No turn back ahead
No give up ahead
No don't give up ahead
No help me... ahead
No I don't believe it... ahead
No too high up ahead
No I want to go home... ahead
No it's like a dream... ahead
No seems familiar... ahead
No beautiful... ahead
No you don't have the right ahead
No are you ready? ahead
enemy required ahead
weak foe required ahead
strong foe required ahead
monster required ahead
dragon required ahead
boss required ahead
sentry required ahead
group required ahead
pack required ahead
decoy required ahead
undead required ahead
soldier required ahead
knight required ahead
cavalier required ahead
archer required ahead
sniper required ahead
mage required ahead
ordnance required ahead
monarch required ahead
lord required ahead
demi-human required ahead
outsider required ahead
giant required ahead
horse required ahead
dog required ahead
wolf required ahead
rat required ahead
beast required ahead
bird required ahead
raptor required ahead
snake required ahead
crab required ahead
prawn required ahead
octopus required ahead
bug required ahead
scarab required ahead
slug required ahead
wraith required ahead
skeleton required ahead
monstrosity required ahead
ill-omened creature required ahead
Tarnished required ahead
warrior required ahead
swordfighter required ahead
samurai required ahead
sorcerer required ahead
cleric required ahead
sage required ahead
merchant required ahead
teacher required ahead
master required ahead
friend required ahead
lover required ahead
old dear required ahead
old codger  required ahead
angel required ahead
fat coinpurse required ahead
pauper required ahead
good sort required ahead
wicked sort required ahead
plump sort required ahead
skinny sort required ahead
lovable sort required ahead
pathetic sort required ahead
strange sort required ahead
nimble sort required ahead
laggardly sort required ahead
invisible sort required ahead
unfathomable sort required ahead
giant sort required ahead
sinner required ahead
thief required ahead
liar required ahead
dastard required ahead
traitor required ahead
pair required ahead
trio required ahead
noble required ahead
aristocrat required ahead
hero required ahead
champion required ahead
god required ahead
item required ahead
necessary item required ahead
precious item required ahead
something required ahead
something incredible required ahead
treasure chest required ahead
corpse required ahead
coffin required ahead
trap required ahead
armament required ahead
shield required ahead
bow required ahead
projectile weapon required ahead
armor required ahead
talisman required ahead
skill required ahead
sorcery required ahead
incantation required ahead
map required ahead
material required ahead
flower required ahead
grass required ahead
tree required ahead
fruit required ahead
seed required ahead
mushroom required ahead
tear required ahead
crystal required ahead
butterfly required ahead
dung required ahead
grace required ahead
door required ahead
key required ahead
ladder required ahead
lever required ahead
lift required ahead
spiritspring required ahead
sending gate required ahead
stone astrolabe required ahead
Birdseye Telescope required ahead
message required ahead
bloodstain required ahead
Erdtree required ahead
Elden Ring required ahead
close-quarters battle required ahead
ranged battle required ahead
horseback battle required ahead
luring out required ahead
defeating one-by-one required ahead
taking on all at once required ahead
rushing in required ahead
stealth required ahead
mimicry required ahead
confusion required ahead
pursuit required ahead
fleeing required ahead
summoning required ahead
circling around required ahead
jumping off required ahead
dashing through required ahead
brief respite required ahead
attacking required ahead
jump attack required ahead
running attack required ahead
critical hit required ahead
two-handing required ahead
blocking required ahead
parrying required ahead
guard counter required ahead
throwing required ahead
healing required ahead
running required ahead
rolling required ahead
backstepping required ahead
jumping required ahead
crouching required ahead
target lock required ahead
item crafting required ahead
gesturing required ahead
morning required ahead
noon required ahead
evening required ahead
night required ahead
clear sky required ahead
overcast required ahead
rain required ahead
storm required ahead
mist required ahead
snow required ahead
patrolling required ahead
procession required ahead
crowd required ahead
surprise attack required ahead
ambush required ahead
pincer attack required ahead
beating to a pulp required ahead
battle required ahead
reinforcements required ahead
ritual required ahead
explosion required ahead
high spot required ahead
defensible spot required ahead
climbable spot required ahead
crossable spot required ahead
bright spot required ahead
dark spot required ahead
open area required ahead
cramped area required ahead
hiding place required ahead
sniping spot required ahead
recon spot required ahead
safety required ahead
danger required ahead
gorgeous view required ahead
detour required ahead
hidden path required ahead
secret passage required ahead
shortcut required ahead
dead end required ahead
looking away required ahead
unnoticed required ahead
out of stamina required ahead
high road required ahead
checkpoint required ahead
bridge required ahead
castle required ahead
fort required ahead
city required ahead
ruins required ahead
church required ahead
tower required ahead
camp site required ahead
house required ahead
cemetery required ahead
underground tomb required ahead
tunnel required ahead
cave required ahead
evergaol required ahead
great tree required ahead
cellar required ahead
surface required ahead
underground required ahead
forest required ahead
river required ahead
lake required ahead
bog required ahead
mountain required ahead
valley required ahead
cliff required ahead
waterside required ahead
nest required ahead
hole required ahead
east required ahead
west required ahead
south required ahead
north required ahead
ahead required ahead
behind required ahead
left required ahead
right required ahead
center required ahead
up required ahead
down required ahead
edge required ahead
head required ahead
stomach required ahead
back required ahead
arms required ahead
legs required ahead
rump required ahead
tail required ahead
core required ahead
fingers required ahead
physical required ahead
standard required ahead
striking required ahead
slashing required ahead
piercing required ahead
fire required ahead
lightning required ahead
magic required ahead
holy required ahead
poison required ahead
toxic required ahead
scarlet rot required ahead
blood loss required ahead
frost required ahead
sleep required ahead
madness required ahead
death required ahead
life required ahead
Death required ahead
light required ahead
dark required ahead
stars required ahead
Order required ahead
chaos required ahead
joy required ahead
wrath required ahead
suffering required ahead
sadness required ahead
comfort required ahead
bliss required ahead
misfortune required ahead
good fortune required ahead
bad luck required ahead
hope required ahead
despair required ahead
victory required ahead
defeat required ahead
research required ahead
faith required ahead
abundance required ahead
rot required ahead
loyalty required ahead
injustice required ahead
secret required ahead
opportunity required ahead
pickle required ahead
clue required ahead
friendship required ahead
love required ahead
bravery required ahead
vigor required ahead
fortitude required ahead
confidence required ahead
distracted required ahead
unguarded required ahead
introspection required ahead
regret required ahead
resignation required ahead
futility required ahead
on the brink required ahead
betrayal required ahead
revenge required ahead
destruction required ahead
recklessness required ahead
calmness required ahead
vigilance required ahead
tranquility required ahead
sound required ahead
tears required ahead
depths required ahead
dregs required ahead
fear required ahead
sacrifice required ahead
ruin required ahead
good luck required ahead
look carefully required ahead
listen carefully required ahead
think carefully required ahead
well done required ahead
I did it! required ahead
I've failed... required ahead
here! required ahead
not here! required ahead
don't you dare! required ahead
do it! required ahead
I can't take this... required ahead
don't think required ahead
so lonely... required ahead
here again... required ahead
just getting started required ahead
stay calm required ahead
keep moving required ahead
turn back required ahead
give up required ahead
don't give up required ahead
help me... required ahead
I don't believe it... required ahead
too high up required ahead
I want to go home... required ahead
it's like a dream... required ahead
seems familiar... required ahead
beautiful... required ahead
you don't have the right required ahead
are you ready? required ahead
Be wary of enemy
Be wary of weak foe
Be wary of strong foe
Be wary of monster
Be wary of dragon
Be wary of boss
Be wary of sentry
Be wary of group
Be wary of pack
Be wary of decoy
Be wary of undead
Be wary of soldier
Be wary of knight
Be wary of cavalier
Be wary of archer
Be wary of sniper
Be wary of mage
Be wary of ordnance
Be wary of monarch
Be wary of lord
Be wary of demi-human
Be wary of outsider
Be wary of giant
Be wary of horse
Be wary of dog
Be wary of wolf
Be wary of rat
Be wary of beast
Be wary of bird
Be wary of raptor
Be wary of snake
Be wary of crab
Be wary of prawn
Be wary of octopus
Be wary of bug
Be wary of scarab
Be wary of slug
Be wary of wraith
Be wary of skeleton
Be wary of monstrosity
Be wary of ill-omened creature
Be wary of Tarnished
Be wary of warrior
Be wary of swordfighter
Be wary of samurai
Be wary of sorcerer
Be wary of cleric
Be wary of sage
Be wary of merchant
Be wary of teacher
Be wary of master
Be wary of friend
Be wary of lover
Be wary of old dear
Be wary of old codger 
Be wary of angel
Be wary of fat coinpurse
Be wary of pauper
Be wary of good sort
Be wary of wicked sort
Be wary of plump sort
Be wary of skinny sort
Be wary of lovable sort
Be wary of pathetic sort
Be wary of strange sort
Be wary of nimble sort
Be wary of laggardly sort
Be wary of invisible sort
Be wary of unfathomable sort
Be wary of giant sort
Be wary of sinner
Be wary of thief
Be wary of liar
Be wary of dastard
Be wary of traitor
Be wary of pair
Be wary of trio
Be wary of noble
Be wary of aristocrat
Be wary of hero
Be wary of champion
Be wary of god
Be wary of item
Be wary of necessary item
Be wary of precious item
Be wary of something
Be wary of something incredible
Be wary of treasure chest
Be wary of corpse
Be wary of coffin
Be wary of trap
Be wary of armament
Be wary of shield
Be wary of bow
Be wary of projectile weapon
Be wary of armor
Be wary of talisman
Be wary of skill
Be wary of sorcery
Be wary of incantation
Be wary of map
Be wary of material
Be wary of flower
Be wary of grass
Be wary of tree
Be wary of fruit
Be wary of seed
Be wary of mushroom
Be wary of tear
Be wary of crystal
Be wary of butterfly
Be wary of dung
Be wary of grace
Be wary of door
Be wary of key
Be wary of ladder
Be wary of lever
Be wary of lift
Be wary of spiritspring
Be wary of sending gate
Be wary of stone astrolabe
Be wary of Birdseye Telescope
Be wary of message
Be wary of bloodstain
Be wary of Erdtree
Be wary of Elden Ring
Be wary of close-quarters battle
Be wary of ranged battle
Be wary of horseback battle
Be wary of luring out
Be wary of defeating one-by-one
Be wary of taking on all at once
Be wary of rushing in
Be wary of stealth
Be wary of mimicry
Be wary of confusion
Be wary of pursuit
Be wary of fleeing
Be wary of summoning
Be wary of circling around
Be wary of jumping off
Be wary of dashing through
Be wary of brief respite
Be wary of attacking
Be wary of jump attack
Be wary of running attack
Be wary of critical hit
Be wary of two-handing
Be wary of blocking
Be wary of parrying
Be wary of guard counter
Be wary of throwing
Be wary of healing
Be wary of running
Be wary of rolling
Be wary of backstepping
Be wary of jumping
Be wary of crouching
Be wary of target lock
Be wary of item crafting
Be wary of gesturing
Be wary of morning
Be wary of noon
Be wary of evening
Be wary of night
Be wary of clear sky
Be wary of overcast
Be wary of rain
Be wary of storm
Be wary of mist
Be wary of snow
Be wary of patrolling
Be wary of procession
Be wary of crowd
Be wary of surprise attack
Be wary of ambush
Be wary of pincer attack
Be wary of beating to a pulp
Be wary of battle
Be wary of reinforcements
Be wary of ritual
Be wary of explosion
Be wary of high spot
Be wary of defensible spot
Be wary of climbable spot
Be wary of crossable spot
Be wary of bright spot
Be wary of dark spot
Be wary of open area
Be wary of cramped area
Be wary of hiding place
Be wary of sniping spot
Be wary of recon spot
Be wary of safety
Be wary of danger
Be wary of gorgeous view
Be wary of detour
Be wary of hidden path
Be wary of secret passage
Be wary of shortcut
Be wary of dead end
Be wary of looking away
Be wary of unnoticed
Be wary of out of stamina
Be wary of high road
Be wary of checkpoint
Be wary of bridge
Be wary of castle
Be wary of fort
Be wary of city
Be wary of ruins
Be wary of church
Be wary of tower
Be wary of camp site
Be wary of house
Be wary of cemetery
Be wary of underground tomb
Be wary of tunnel
Be wary of cave
Be wary of evergaol
Be wary of great tree
Be wary of cellar
Be wary of surface
Be wary of underground
Be wary of forest
Be wary of river
Be wary of lake
Be wary of bog
Be wary of mountain
Be wary of valley
Be wary of cliff
Be wary of waterside
Be wary of nest
Be wary of hole
Be wary of east
Be wary of west
Be wary of south
Be wary of north
Be wary of ahead
Be wary of behind
Be wary of left
Be wary of right
Be wary of center
Be wary of up
Be wary of down
Be wary of edge
Be wary of head
Be wary of stomach
Be wary of back
Be wary of arms
Be wary of legs
Be wary of rump
Be wary of tail
Be wary of core
Be wary of fingers
Be wary of physical
Be wary of standard
Be wary of striking
Be wary of slashing
Be wary of piercing
Be wary of fire
Be wary of lightning
Be wary of magic
Be wary of holy
Be wary of poison
Be wary of toxic
Be wary of scarlet rot
Be wary of blood loss
Be wary of frost
Be wary of sleep
Be wary of madness
Be wary of death
Be wary of life
Be wary of Death
Be wary of light
Be wary of dark
Be wary of stars
Be wary of Order
Be wary of chaos
Be wary of joy
Be wary of wrath
Be wary of suffering
Be wary of sadness
Be wary of comfort
Be wary of bliss
Be wary of misfortune
Be wary of good fortune
Be wary of bad luck
Be wary of hope
Be wary of despair
Be wary of victory
Be wary of defeat
Be wary of research
Be wary of faith
Be wary of abundance
Be wary of rot
Be wary of loyalty
Be wary of injustice
Be wary of secret
Be wary of opportunity
Be wary of pickle
Be wary of clue
Be wary of friendship
Be wary of love
Be wary of bravery
Be wary of vigor
Be wary of fortitude
Be wary of confidence
Be wary of distracted
Be wary of unguarded
Be wary of introspection
Be wary of regret
Be wary of resignation
Be wary of futility
Be wary of on the brink
Be wary of betrayal
Be wary of revenge
Be wary of destruction
Be wary of recklessness
Be wary of calmness
Be wary of vigilance
Be wary of tranquility
Be wary of sound
Be wary of tears
Be wary of depths
Be wary of dregs
Be wary of fear
Be wary of sacrifice
Be wary of ruin
Be wary of good luck
Be wary of look carefully
Be wary of listen carefully
Be wary of think carefully
Be wary of well done
Be wary of I did it!
Be wary of I've failed...
Be wary of here!
Be wary of not here!
Be wary of don't you dare!
Be wary of do it!
Be wary of I can't take this...
Be wary of don't think
Be wary of so lonely...
Be wary of here again...
Be wary of just getting started
Be wary of stay calm
Be wary of keep moving
Be wary of turn back
Be wary of give up
Be wary of don't give up
Be wary of help me...
Be wary of I don't believe it...
Be wary of too high up
Be wary of I want to go home...
Be wary of it's like a dream...
Be wary of seems familiar...
Be wary of beautiful...
Be wary of you don't have the right
Be wary of are you ready?
Try enemy
Try weak foe
Try strong foe
Try monster
Try dragon
Try boss
Try sentry
Try group
Try pack
Try decoy
Try undead
Try soldier
Try knight
Try cavalier
Try archer
Try sniper
Try mage
Try ordnance
Try monarch
Try lord
Try demi-human
Try outsider
Try giant
Try horse
Try dog
Try wolf
Try rat
Try beast
Try bird
Try raptor
Try snake
Try crab
Try prawn
Try octopus
Try bug
Try scarab
Try slug
Try wraith
Try skeleton
Try monstrosity
Try ill-omened creature
Try Tarnished
Try warrior
Try swordfighter
Try samurai
Try sorcerer
Try cleric
Try sage
Try merchant
Try teacher
Try master
Try friend
Try lover
Try old dear
Try old codger 
Try angel
Try fat coinpurse
Try pauper
Try good sort
Try wicked sort
Try plump sort
Try skinny sort
Try lovable sort
Try pathetic sort
Try strange sort
Try nimble sort
Try laggardly sort
Try invisible sort
Try unfathomable sort
Try giant sort
Try sinner
Try thief
Try liar
Try dastard
Try traitor
Try pair
Try trio
Try noble
Try aristocrat
Try hero
Try champion
Try god
Try item
Try necessary item
Try precious item
Try something
Try something incredible
Try treasure chest
Try corpse
Try coffin
Try trap
Try armament
Try shield
Try bow
Try projectile weapon
Try armor
Try talisman
Try skill
Try sorcery
Try incantation
Try map
Try material
Try flower
Try grass
Try tree
Try fruit
Try seed
Try mushroom
Try tear
Try crystal
Try butterfly
Try dung
Try grace
Try door
Try key
Try ladder
Try lever
Try lift
Try spiritspring
Try sending gate
Try stone astrolabe
Try Birdseye Telescope
Try message
Try bloodstain
Try Erdtree
Try Elden Ring
Try close-quarters battle
Try ranged battle
Try horseback battle
Try luring out
Try defeating one-by-one
Try taking on all at once
Try rushing in
Try stealth
Try mimicry
Try confusion
Try pursuit
Try fleeing
Try summoning
Try circling around
Try jumping off
Try dashing through
Try brief respite
Try attacking
Try jump attack
Try running attack
Try critical hit
Try two-handing
Try blocking
Try parrying
Try guard counter
Try throwing
Try healing
Try running
Try rolling
Try backstepping
Try jumping
Try crouching
Try target lock
Try item crafting
Try gesturing
Try morning
Try noon
Try evening
Try night
Try clear sky
Try overcast
Try rain
Try storm
Try mist
Try snow
Try patrolling
Try procession
Try crowd
Try surprise attack
Try ambush
Try pincer attack
Try beating to a pulp
Try battle
Try reinforcements
Try ritual
Try explosion
Try high spot
Try defensible spot
Try climbable spot
Try crossable spot
Try bright spot
Try dark spot
Try open area
Try cramped area
Try hiding place
Try sniping spot
Try recon spot
Try safety
Try danger
Try gorgeous view
Try detour
Try hidden path
Try secret passage
Try shortcut
Try dead end
Try looking away
Try unnoticed
Try out of stamina
Try high road
Try checkpoint
Try bridge
Try castle
Try fort
Try city
Try ruins
Try church
Try tower
Try camp site
Try house
Try cemetery
Try underground tomb
Try tunnel
Try cave
Try evergaol
Try great tree
Try cellar
Try surface
Try underground
Try forest
Try river
Try lake
Try bog
Try mountain
Try valley
Try cliff
Try waterside
Try nest
Try hole
Try east
Try west
Try south
Try north
Try ahead
Try behind
Try left
Try right
Try center
Try up
Try down
Try edge
Try head
Try stomach
Try back
Try arms
Try legs
Try rump
Try tail
Try core
Try fingers
Try physical
Try standard
Try striking
Try slashing
Try piercing
Try fire
Try lightning
Try magic
Try holy
Try poison
Try toxic
Try scarlet rot
Try blood loss
Try frost
Try sleep
Try madness
Try death
Try life
Try Death
Try light
Try dark
Try stars
Try Order
Try chaos
Try joy
Try wrath
Try suffering
Try sadness
Try comfort
Try bliss
Try misfortune
Try good fortune
Try bad luck
Try hope
Try despair
Try victory
Try defeat
Try research
Try faith
Try abundance
Try rot
Try loyalty
Try injustice
Try secret
Try opportunity
Try pickle
Try clue
Try friendship
Try love
Try bravery
Try vigor
Try fortitude
Try confidence
Try distracted
Try unguarded
Try introspection
Try regret
Try resignation
Try futility
Try on the brink
Try betrayal
Try revenge
Try destruction
Try recklessness
Try calmness
Try vigilance
Try tranquility
Try sound
Try tears
Try depths
Try dregs
Try fear
Try sacrifice
Try ruin
Try good luck
Try look carefully
Try listen carefully
Try think carefully
Try well done
Try I did it!
Try I've failed...
Try here!
Try not here!
Try don't you dare!
Try do it!
Try I can't take this...
Try don't think
Try so lonely...
Try here again...
Try just getting started
Try stay calm
Try keep moving
Try turn back
Try give up
Try don't give up
Try help me...
Try I don't believe it...
Try too high up
Try I want to go home...
Try it's like a dream...
Try seems familiar...
Try beautiful...
Try you don't have the right
Try are you ready?
Likely enemy
Likely weak foe
Likely strong foe
Likely monster
Likely dragon
Likely boss
Likely sentry
Likely group
Likely pack
Likely decoy
Likely undead
Likely soldier
Likely knight
Likely cavalier
Likely archer
Likely sniper
Likely mage
Likely ordnance
Likely monarch
Likely lord
Likely demi-human
Likely outsider
Likely giant
Likely horse
Likely dog
Likely wolf
Likely rat
Likely beast
Likely bird
Likely raptor
Likely snake
Likely crab
Likely prawn
Likely octopus
Likely bug
Likely scarab
Likely slug
Likely wraith
Likely skeleton
Likely monstrosity
Likely ill-omened creature
Likely Tarnished
Likely warrior
Likely swordfighter
Likely samurai
Likely sorcerer
Likely cleric
Likely sage
Likely merchant
Likely teacher
Likely master
Likely friend
Likely lover
Likely old dear
Likely old codger 
Likely angel
Likely fat coinpurse
Likely pauper
Likely good sort
Likely wicked sort
Likely plump sort
Likely skinny sort
Likely lovable sort
Likely pathetic sort
Likely strange sort
Likely nimble sort
Likely laggardly sort
Likely invisible sort
Likely unfathomable sort
Likely giant sort
Likely sinner
Likely thief
Likely liar
Likely dastard
Likely traitor
Likely pair
Likely trio
Likely noble
Likely aristocrat
Likely hero
Likely champion
Likely god
Likely item
Likely necessary item
Likely precious item
Likely something
Likely something incredible
Likely treasure chest
Likely corpse
Likely coffin
Likely trap
Likely armament
Likely shield
Likely bow
Likely projectile weapon
Likely armor
Likely talisman
Likely skill
Likely sorcery
Likely incantation
Likely map
Likely material
Likely flower
Likely grass
Likely tree
Likely fruit
Likely seed
Likely mushroom
Likely tear
Likely crystal
Likely butterfly
Likely dung
Likely grace
Likely door
Likely key
Likely ladder
Likely lever
Likely lift
Likely spiritspring
Likely sending gate
Likely stone astrolabe
Likely Birdseye Telescope
Likely message
Likely bloodstain
Likely Erdtree
Likely Elden Ring
Likely close-quarters battle
Likely ranged battle
Likely horseback battle
Likely luring out
Likely defeating one-by-one
Likely taking on all at once
Likely rushing in
Likely stealth
Likely mimicry
Likely confusion
Likely pursuit
Likely fleeing
Likely summoning
Likely circling around
Likely jumping off
Likely dashing through
Likely brief respite
Likely attacking
Likely jump attack
Likely running attack
Likely critical hit
Likely two-handing
Likely blocking
Likely parrying
Likely guard counter
Likely throwing
Likely healing
Likely running
Likely rolling
Likely backstepping
Likely jumping
Likely crouching
Likely target lock
Likely item crafting
Likely gesturing
Likely morning
Likely noon
Likely evening
Likely night
Likely clear sky
Likely overcast
Likely rain
Likely storm
Likely mist
Likely snow
Likely patrolling
Likely procession
Likely crowd
Likely surprise attack
Likely ambush
Likely pincer attack
Likely beating to a pulp
Likely battle
Likely reinforcements
Likely ritual
Likely explosion
Likely high spot
Likely defensible spot
Likely climbable spot
Likely crossable spot
Likely bright spot
Likely dark spot
Likely open area
Likely cramped area
Likely hiding place
Likely sniping spot
Likely recon spot
Likely safety
Likely danger
Likely gorgeous view
Likely detour
Likely hidden path
Likely secret passage
Likely shortcut
Likely dead end
Likely looking away
Likely unnoticed
Likely out of stamina
Likely high road
Likely checkpoint
Likely bridge
Likely castle
Likely fort
Likely city
Likely ruins
Likely church
Likely tower
Likely camp site
Likely house
Likely cemetery
Likely underground tomb
Likely tunnel
Likely cave
Likely evergaol
Likely great tree
Likely cellar
Likely surface
Likely underground
Likely forest
Likely river
Likely lake
Likely bog
Likely mountain
Likely valley
Likely cliff
Likely waterside
Likely nest
Likely hole
Likely east
Likely west
Likely south
Likely north
Likely ahead
Likely behind
Likely left
Likely right
Likely center
Likely up
Likely down
Likely edge
Likely head
Likely stomach
Likely back
Likely arms
Likely legs
Likely rump
Likely tail
Likely core
Likely fingers
Likely physical
Likely standard
Likely striking
Likely slashing
Likely piercing
Likely fire
Likely lightning
Likely magic
Likely holy
Likely poison
Likely toxic
Likely scarlet rot
Likely blood loss
Likely frost
Likely sleep
Likely madness
Likely death
Likely life
Likely Death
Likely light
Likely dark
Likely stars
Likely Order
Likely chaos
Likely joy
Likely wrath
Likely suffering
Likely sadness
Likely comfort
Likely bliss
Likely misfortune
Likely good fortune
Likely bad luck
Likely hope
Likely despair
Likely victory
Likely defeat
Likely research
Likely faith
Likely abundance
Likely rot
Likely loyalty
Likely injustice
Likely secret
Likely opportunity
Likely pickle
Likely clue
Likely friendship
Likely love
Likely bravery
Likely vigor
Likely fortitude
Likely confidence
Likely distracted
Likely unguarded
Likely introspection
Likely regret
Likely resignation
Likely futility
Likely on the brink
Likely betrayal
Likely revenge
Likely destruction
Likely recklessness
Likely calmness
Likely vigilance
Likely tranquility
Likely sound
Likely tears
Likely depths
Likely dregs
Likely fear
Likely sacrifice
Likely ruin
Likely good luck
Likely look carefully
Likely listen carefully
Likely think carefully
Likely well done
Likely I did it!
Likely I've failed...
Likely here!
Likely not here!
Likely don't you dare!
Likely do it!
Likely I can't take this...
Likely don't think
Likely so lonely...
Likely here again...
Likely just getting started
Likely stay calm
Likely keep moving
Likely turn back
Likely give up
Likely don't give up
Likely help me...
Likely I don't believe it...
Likely too high up
Likely I want to go home...
Likely it's like a dream...
Likely seems familiar...
Likely beautiful...
Likely you don't have the right
Likely are you ready?
First off, enemy
First off, weak foe
First off, strong foe
First off, monster
First off, dragon
First off, boss
First off, sentry
First off, group
First off, pack
First off, decoy
First off, undead
First off, soldier
First off, knight
First off, cavalier
First off, archer
First off, sniper
First off, mage
First off, ordnance
First off, monarch
First off, lord
First off, demi-human
First off, outsider
First off, giant
First off, horse
First off, dog
First off, wolf
First off, rat
First off, beast
First off, bird
First off, raptor
First off, snake
First off, crab
First off, prawn
First off, octopus
First off, bug
First off, scarab
First off, slug
First off, wraith
First off, skeleton
First off, monstrosity
First off, ill-omened creature
First off, Tarnished
First off, warrior
First off, swordfighter
First off, samurai
First off, sorcerer
First off, cleric
First off, sage
First off, merchant
First off, teacher
First off, master
First off, friend
First off, lover
First off, old dear
First off, old codger 
First off, angel
First off, fat coinpurse
First off, pauper
First off, good sort
First off, wicked sort
First off, plump sort
First off, skinny sort
First off, lovable sort
First off, pathetic sort
First off, strange sort
First off, nimble sort
First off, laggardly sort
First off, invisible sort
First off, unfathomable sort
First off, giant sort
First off, sinner
First off, thief
First off, liar
First off, dastard
First off, traitor
First off, pair
First off, trio
First off, noble
First off, aristocrat
First off, hero
First off, champion
First off, god
First off, item
First off, necessary item
First off, precious item
First off, something
First off, something incredible
First off, treasure chest
First off, corpse
First off, coffin
First off, trap
First off, armament
First off, shield
First off, bow
First off, projectile weapon
First off, armor
First off, talisman
First off, skill
First off, sorcery
First off, incantation
First off, map
First off, material
First off, flower
First off, grass
First off, tree
First off, fruit
First off, seed
First off, mushroom
First off, tear
First off, crystal
First off, butterfly
First off, dung
First off, grace
First off, door
First off, key
First off, ladder
First off, lever
First off, lift
First off, spiritspring
First off, sending gate
First off, stone astrolabe
First off, Birdseye Telescope
First off, message
First off, bloodstain
First off, Erdtree
First off, Elden Ring
First off, close-quarters battle
First off, ranged battle
First off, horseback battle
First off, luring out
First off, defeating one-by-one
First off, taking on all at once
First off, rushing in
First off, stealth
First off, mimicry
First off, confusion
First off, pursuit
First off, fleeing
First off, summoning
First off, circling around
First off, jumping off
First off, dashing through
First off, brief respite
First off, attacking
First off, jump attack
First off, running attack
First off, critical hit
First off, two-handing
First off, blocking
First off, parrying
First off, guard counter
First off, throwing
First off, healing
First off, running
First off, rolling
First off, backstepping
First off, jumping
First off, crouching
First off, target lock
First off, item crafting
First off, gesturing
First off, morning
First off, noon
First off, evening
First off, night
First off, clear sky
First off, overcast
First off, rain
First off, storm
First off, mist
First off, snow
First off, patrolling
First off, procession
First off, crowd
First off, surprise attack
First off, ambush
First off, pincer attack
First off, beating to a pulp
First off, battle
First off, reinforcements
First off, ritual
First off, explosion
First off, high spot
First off, defensible spot
First off, climbable spot
First off, crossable spot
First off, bright spot
First off, dark spot
First off, open area
First off, cramped area
First off, hiding place
First off, sniping spot
First off, recon spot
First off, safety
First off, danger
First off, gorgeous view
First off, detour
First off, hidden path
First off, secret passage
First off, shortcut
First off, dead end
First off, looking away
First off, unnoticed
First off, out of stamina
First off, high road
First off, checkpoint
First off, bridge
First off, castle
First off, fort
First off, city
First off, ruins
First off, church
First off, tower
First off, camp site
First off, house
First off, cemetery
First off, underground tomb
First off, tunnel
First off, cave
First off, evergaol
First off, great tree
First off, cellar
First off, surface
First off, underground
First off, forest
First off, river
First off, lake
First off, bog
First off, mountain
First off, valley
First off, cliff
First off, waterside
First off, nest
First off, hole
First off, east
First off, west
First off, south
First off, north
First off, ahead
First off, behind
First off, left
First off, right
First off, center
First off, up
First off, down
First off, edge
First off, head
First off, stomach
First off, back
First off, arms
First off, legs
First off, rump
First off, tail
First off, core
First off, fingers
First off, physical
First off, standard
First off, striking
First off, slashing
First off, piercing
First off, fire
First off, lightning
First off, magic
First off, holy
First off, poison
First off, toxic
First off, scarlet rot
First off, blood loss
First off, frost
First off, sleep
First off, madness
First off, death
First off, life
First off, Death
First off, light
First off, dark
First off, stars
First off, Order
First off, chaos
First off, joy
First off, wrath
First off, suffering
First off, sadness
First off, comfort
First off, bliss
First off, misfortune
First off, good fortune
First off, bad luck
First off, hope
First off, despair
First off, victory
First off, defeat
First off, research
First off, faith
First off, abundance
First off, rot
First off, loyalty
First off, injustice
First off, secret
First off, opportunity
First off, pickle
First off, clue
First off, friendship
First off, love
First off, bravery
First off, vigor
First off, fortitude
First off, confidence
First off, distracted
First off, unguarded
First off, introspection
First off, regret
First off, resignation
First off, futility
First off, on the brink
First off, betrayal
First off, revenge
First off, destruction
First off, recklessness
First off, calmness
First off, vigilance
First off, tranquility
First off, sound
First off, tears
First off, depths
First off, dregs
First off, fear
First off, sacrifice
First off, ruin
First off, good luck
First off, look carefully
First off, listen carefully
First off, think carefully
First off, well done
First off, I did it!
First off, I've failed...
First off, here!
First off, not here!
First off, don't you dare!
First off, do it!
First off, I can't take this...
First off, don't think
First off, so lonely...
First off, here again...
First off, just getting started
First off, stay calm
First off, keep moving
First off, turn back
First off, give up
First off, don't give up
First off, help me...
First off, I don't believe it...
First off, too high up
First off, I want to go home...
First off, it's like a dream...
First off, seems familiar...
First off, beautiful...
First off, you don't have the right
First off, are you ready?
Seek enemy
Seek weak foe
Seek strong foe
Seek monster
Seek dragon
Seek boss
Seek sentry
Seek group
Seek pack
Seek decoy
Seek undead
Seek soldier
Seek knight
Seek cavalier
Seek archer
Seek sniper
Seek mage
Seek ordnance
Seek monarch
Seek lord
Seek demi-human
Seek outsider
Seek giant
Seek horse
Seek dog
Seek wolf
Seek rat
Seek beast
Seek bird
Seek raptor
Seek snake
Seek crab
Seek prawn
Seek octopus
Seek bug
Seek scarab
Seek slug
Seek wraith
Seek skeleton
Seek monstrosity
Seek ill-omened creature
Seek Tarnished
Seek warrior
Seek swordfighter
Seek samurai
Seek sorcerer
Seek cleric
Seek sage
Seek merchant
Seek teacher
Seek master
Seek friend
Seek lover
Seek old dear
Seek old codger 
Seek angel
Seek fat coinpurse
Seek pauper
Seek good sort
Seek wicked sort
Seek plump sort
Seek skinny sort
Seek lovable sort
Seek pathetic sort
Seek strange sort
Seek nimble sort
Seek laggardly sort
Seek invisible sort
Seek unfathomable sort
Seek giant sort
Seek sinner
Seek thief
Seek liar
Seek dastard
Seek traitor
Seek pair
Seek trio
Seek noble
Seek aristocrat
Seek hero
Seek champion
Seek god
Seek item
Seek necessary item
Seek precious item
Seek something
Seek something incredible
Seek treasure chest
Seek corpse
Seek coffin
Seek trap
Seek armament
Seek shield
Seek bow
Seek projectile weapon
Seek armor
Seek talisman
Seek skill
Seek sorcery
Seek incantation
Seek map
Seek material
Seek flower
Seek grass
Seek tree
Seek fruit
Seek seed
Seek mushroom
Seek tear
Seek crystal
Seek butterfly
Seek dung
Seek grace
Seek door
Seek key
Seek ladder
Seek lever
Seek lift
Seek spiritspring
Seek sending gate
Seek stone astrolabe
Seek Birdseye Telescope
Seek message
Seek bloodstain
Seek Erdtree
Seek Elden Ring
Seek close-quarters battle
Seek ranged battle
Seek horseback battle
Seek luring out
Seek defeating one-by-one
Seek taking on all at once
Seek rushing in
Seek stealth
Seek mimicry
Seek confusion
Seek pursuit
Seek fleeing
Seek summoning
Seek circling around
Seek jumping off
Seek dashing through
Seek brief respite
Seek attacking
Seek jump attack
Seek running attack
Seek critical hit
Seek two-handing
Seek blocking
Seek parrying
Seek guard counter
Seek throwing
Seek healing
Seek running
Seek rolling
Seek backstepping
Seek jumping
Seek crouching
Seek target lock
Seek item crafting
Seek gesturing
Seek morning
Seek noon
Seek evening
Seek night
Seek clear sky
Seek overcast
Seek rain
Seek storm
Seek mist
Seek snow
Seek patrolling
Seek procession
Seek crowd
Seek surprise attack
Seek ambush
Seek pincer attack
Seek beating to a pulp
Seek battle
Seek reinforcements
Seek ritual
Seek explosion
Seek high spot
Seek defensible spot
Seek climbable spot
Seek crossable spot
Seek bright spot
Seek dark spot
Seek open area
Seek cramped area
Seek hiding place
Seek sniping spot
Seek recon spot
Seek safety
Seek danger
Seek gorgeous view
Seek detour
Seek hidden path
Seek secret passage
Seek shortcut
Seek dead end
Seek looking away
Seek unnoticed
Seek out of stamina
Seek high road
Seek checkpoint
Seek bridge
Seek castle
Seek fort
Seek city
Seek ruins
Seek church
Seek tower
Seek camp site
Seek house
Seek cemetery
Seek underground tomb
Seek tunnel
Seek cave
Seek evergaol
Seek great tree
Seek cellar
Seek surface
Seek underground
Seek forest
Seek river
Seek lake
Seek bog
Seek mountain
Seek valley
Seek cliff
Seek waterside
Seek nest
Seek hole
Seek east
Seek west
Seek south
Seek north
Seek ahead
Seek behind
Seek left
Seek right
Seek center
Seek up
Seek down
Seek edge
Seek head
Seek stomach
Seek back
Seek arms
Seek legs
Seek rump
Seek tail
Seek core
Seek fingers
Seek physical
Seek standard
Seek striking
Seek slashing
Seek piercing
Seek fire
Seek lightning
Seek magic
Seek holy
Seek poison
Seek toxic
Seek scarlet rot
Seek blood loss
Seek frost
Seek sleep
Seek madness
Seek death
Seek life
Seek Death
Seek light
Seek dark
Seek stars
Seek Order
Seek chaos
Seek joy
Seek wrath
Seek suffering
Seek sadness
Seek comfort
Seek bliss
Seek misfortune
Seek good fortune
Seek bad luck
Seek hope
Seek despair
Seek victory
Seek defeat
Seek research
Seek faith
Seek abundance
Seek rot
Seek loyalty
Seek injustice
Seek secret
Seek opportunity
Seek pickle
Seek clue
Seek friendship
Seek love
Seek bravery
Seek vigor
Seek fortitude
Seek confidence
Seek distracted
Seek unguarded
Seek introspection
Seek regret
Seek resignation
Seek futility
Seek on the brink
Seek betrayal
Seek revenge
Seek destruction
Seek recklessness
Seek calmness
Seek vigilance
Seek tranquility
Seek sound
Seek tears
Seek depths
Seek dregs
Seek fear
Seek sacrifice
Seek ruin
Seek good luck
Seek look carefully
Seek listen carefully
Seek think carefully
Seek well done
Seek I did it!
Seek I've failed...
Seek here!
Seek not here!
Seek don't you dare!
Seek do it!
Seek I can't take this...
Seek don't think
Seek so lonely...
Seek here again...
Seek just getting started
Seek stay calm
Seek keep moving
Seek turn back
Seek give up
Seek don't give up
Seek help me...
Seek I don't believe it...
Seek too high up
Seek I want to go home...
Seek it's like a dream...
Seek seems familiar...
Seek beautiful...
Seek you don't have the right
Seek are you ready?
Still no enemy...
Still no weak foe...
Still no strong foe...
Still no monster...
Still no dragon...
Still no boss...
Still no sentry...
Still no group...
Still no pack...
Still no decoy...
Still no undead...
Still no soldier...
Still no knight...
Still no cavalier...
Still no archer...
Still no sniper...
Still no mage...
Still no ordnance...
Still no monarch...
Still no lord...
Still no demi-human...
Still no outsider...
Still no giant...
Still no horse...
Still no dog...
Still no wolf...
Still no rat...
Still no beast...
Still no bird...
Still no raptor...
Still no snake...
Still no crab...
Still no prawn...
Still no octopus...
Still no bug...
Still no scarab...
Still no slug...
Still no wraith...
Still no skeleton...
Still no monstrosity...
Still no ill-omened creature...
Still no Tarnished...
Still no warrior...
Still no swordfighter...
Still no samurai...
Still no sorcerer...
Still no cleric...
Still no sage...
Still no merchant...
Still no teacher...
Still no master...
Still no friend...
Still no lover...
Still no old dear...
Still no old codger ...
Still no angel...
Still no fat coinpurse...
Still no pauper...
Still no good sort...
Still no wicked sort...
Still no plump sort...
Still no skinny sort...
Still no lovable sort...
Still no pathetic sort...
Still no strange sort...
Still no nimble sort...
Still no laggardly sort...
Still no invisible sort...
Still no unfathomable sort...
Still no giant sort...
Still no sinner...
Still no thief...
Still no liar...
Still no dastard...
Still no traitor...
Still no pair...
Still no trio...
Still no noble...
Still no aristocrat...
Still no hero...
Still no champion...
Still no god...
Still no item...
Still no necessary item...
Still no precious item...
Still no something...
Still no something incredible...
Still no treasure chest...
Still no corpse...
Still no coffin...
Still no trap...
Still no armament...
Still no shield...
Still no bow...
Still no projectile weapon...
Still no armor...
Still no talisman...
Still no skill...
Still no sorcery...
Still no incantation...
Still no map...
Still no material...
Still no flower...
Still no grass...
Still no tree...
Still no fruit...
Still no seed...
Still no mushroom...
Still no tear...
Still no crystal...
Still no butterfly...
Still no dung...
Still no grace...
Still no door...
Still no key...
Still no ladder...
Still no lever...
Still no lift...
Still no spiritspring...
Still no sending gate...
Still no stone astrolabe...
Still no Birdseye Telescope...
Still no message...
Still no bloodstain...
Still no Erdtree...
Still no Elden Ring...
Still no close-quarters battle...
Still no ranged battle...
Still no horseback battle...
Still no luring out...
Still no defeating one-by-one...
Still no taking on all at once...
Still no rushing in...
Still no stealth...
Still no mimicry...
Still no confusion...
Still no pursuit...
Still no fleeing...
Still no summoning...
Still no circling around...
Still no jumping off...
Still no dashing through...
Still no brief respite...
Still no attacking...
Still no jump attack...
Still no running attack...
Still no critical hit...
Still no two-handing...
Still no blocking...
Still no parrying...
Still no guard counter...
Still no throwing...
Still no healing...
Still no running...
Still no rolling...
Still no backstepping...
Still no jumping...
Still no crouching...
Still no target lock...
Still no item crafting...
Still no gesturing...
Still no morning...
Still no noon...
Still no evening...
Still no night...
Still no clear sky...
Still no overcast...
Still no rain...
Still no storm...
Still no mist...
Still no snow...
Still no patrolling...
Still no procession...
Still no crowd...
Still no surprise attack...
Still no ambush...
Still no pincer attack...
Still no beating to a pulp...
Still no battle...
Still no reinforcements...
Still no ritual...
Still no explosion...
Still no high spot...
Still no defensible spot...
Still no climbable spot...
Still no crossable spot...
Still no bright spot...
Still no dark spot...
Still no open area...
Still no cramped area...
Still no hiding place...
Still no sniping spot...
Still no recon spot...
Still no safety...
Still no danger...
Still no gorgeous view...
Still no detour...
Still no hidden path...
Still no secret passage...
Still no shortcut...
Still no dead end...
Still no looking away...
Still no unnoticed...
Still no out of stamina...
Still no high road...
Still no checkpoint...
Still no bridge...
Still no castle...
Still no fort...
Still no city...
Still no ruins...
Still no church...
Still no tower...
Still no camp site...
Still no house...
Still no cemetery...
Still no underground tomb...
Still no tunnel...
Still no cave...
Still no evergaol...
Still no great tree...
Still no cellar...
Still no surface...
Still no underground...
Still no forest...
Still no river...
Still no lake...
Still no bog...
Still no mountain...
Still no valley...
Still no cliff...
Still no waterside...
Still no nest...
Still no hole...
Still no east...
Still no west...
Still no south...
Still no north...
Still no ahead...
Still no behind...
Still no left...
Still no right...
Still no center...
Still no up...
Still no down...
Still no edge...
Still no head...
Still no stomach...
Still no back...
Still no arms...
Still no legs...
Still no rump...
Still no tail...
Still no core...
Still no fingers...
Still no physical...
Still no standard...
Still no striking...
Still no slashing...
Still no piercing...
Still no fire...
Still no lightning...
Still no magic...
Still no holy...
Still no poison...
Still no toxic...
Still no scarlet rot...
Still no blood loss...
Still no frost...
Still no sleep...
Still no madness...
Still no death...
Still no life...
Still no Death...
Still no light...
Still no dark...
Still no stars...
Still no Order...
Still no chaos...
Still no joy...
Still no wrath...
Still no suffering...
Still no sadness...
Still no comfort...
Still no bliss...
Still no misfortune...
Still no good fortune...
Still no bad luck...
Still no hope...
Still no despair...
Still no victory...
Still no defeat...
Still no research...
Still no faith...
Still no abundance...
Still no rot...
Still no loyalty...
Still no injustice...
Still no secret...
Still no opportunity...
Still no pickle...
Still no clue...
Still no friendship...
Still no love...
Still no bravery...
Still no vigor...
Still no fortitude...
Still no confidence...
Still no distracted...
Still no unguarded...
Still no introspection...
Still no regret...
Still no resignation...
Still no futility...
Still no on the brink...
Still no betrayal...
Still no revenge...
Still no destruction...
Still no recklessness...
Still no calmness...
Still no vigilance...
Still no tranquility...
Still no sound...
Still no tears...
Still no depths...
Still no dregs...
Still no fear...
Still no sacrifice...
Still no ruin...
Still no good luck...
Still no look carefully...
Still no listen carefully...
Still no think carefully...
Still no well done...
Still no I did it!...
Still no I've failed......
Still no here!...
Still no not here!...
Still no don't you dare!...
Still no do it!...
Still no I can't take this......
Still no don't think...
Still no so lonely......
Still no here again......
Still no just getting started...
Still no stay calm...
Still no keep moving...
Still no turn back...
Still no give up...
Still no don't give up...
Still no help me......
Still no I don't believe it......
Still no too high up...
Still no I want to go home......
Still no it's like a dream......
Still no seems familiar......
Still no beautiful......
Still no you don't have the right...
Still no are you ready?...
Why is it always enemy?
Why is it always weak foe?
Why is it always strong foe?
Why is it always monster?
Why is it always dragon?
Why is it always boss?
Why is it always sentry?
Why is it always group?
Why is it always pack?
Why is it always decoy?
Why is it always undead?
Why is it always soldier?
Why is it always knight?
Why is it always cavalier?
Why is it always archer?
Why is it always sniper?
Why is it always mage?
Why is it always ordnance?
Why is it always monarch?
Why is it always lord?
Why is it always demi-human?
Why is it always outsider?
Why is it always giant?
Why is it always horse?
Why is it always dog?
Why is it always wolf?
Why is it always rat?
Why is it always beast?
Why is it always bird?
Why is it always raptor?
Why is it always snake?
Why is it always crab?
Why is it always prawn?
Why is it always octopus?
Why is it always bug?
Why is it always scarab?
Why is it always slug?
Why is it always wraith?
Why is it always skeleton?
Why is it always monstrosity?
Why is it always ill-omened creature?
Why is it always Tarnished?
Why is it always warrior?
Why is it always swordfighter?
Why is it always samurai?
Why is it always sorcerer?
Why is it always cleric?
Why is it always sage?
Why is it always merchant?
Why is it always teacher?
Why is it always master?
Why is it always friend?
Why is it always lover?
Why is it always old dear?
Why is it always old codger ?
Why is it always angel?
Why is it always fat coinpurse?
Why is it always pauper?
Why is it always good sort?
Why is it always wicked sort?
Why is it always plump sort?
Why is it always skinny sort?
Why is it always lovable sort?
Why is it always pathetic sort?
Why is it always strange sort?
Why is it always nimble sort?
Why is it always laggardly sort?
Why is it always invisible sort?
Why is it always unfathomable sort?
Why is it always giant sort?
Why is it always sinner?
Why is it always thief?
Why is it always liar?
Why is it always dastard?
Why is it always traitor?
Why is it always pair?
Why is it always trio?
Why is it always noble?
Why is it always aristocrat?
Why is it always hero?
Why is it always champion?
Why is it always god?
Why is it always item?
Why is it always necessary item?
Why is it always precious item?
Why is it always something?
Why is it always something incredible?
Why is it always treasure chest?
Why is it always corpse?
Why is it always coffin?
Why is it always trap?
Why is it always armament?
Why is it always shield?
Why is it always bow?
Why is it always projectile weapon?
Why is it always armor?
Why is it always talisman?
Why is it always skill?
Why is it always sorcery?
Why is it always incantation?
Why is it always map?
Why is it always material?
Why is it always flower?
Why is it always grass?
Why is it always tree?
Why is it always fruit?
Why is it always seed?
Why is it always mushroom?
Why is it always tear?
Why is it always crystal?
Why is it always butterfly?
Why is it always dung?
Why is it always grace?
Why is it always door?
Why is it always key?
Why is it always ladder?
Why is it always lever?
Why is it always lift?
Why is it always spiritspring?
Why is it always sending gate?
Why is it always stone astrolabe?
Why is it always Birdseye Telescope?
Why is it always message?
Why is it always bloodstain?
Why is it always Erdtree?
Why is it always Elden Ring?
Why is it always close-quarters battle?
Why is it always ranged battle?
Why is it always horseback battle?
Why is it always luring out?
Why is it always defeating one-by-one?
Why is it always taking on all at once?
Why is it always rushing in?
Why is it always stealth?
Why is it always mimicry?
Why is it always confusion?
Why is it always pursuit?
Why is it always fleeing?
Why is it always summoning?
Why is it always circling around?
Why is it always jumping off?
Why is it always dashing through?
Why is it always brief respite?
Why is it always attacking?
Why is it always jump attack?
Why is it always running attack?
Why is it always critical hit?
Why is it always two-handing?
Why is it always blocking?
Why is it always parrying?
Why is it always guard counter?
Why is it always throwing?
Why is it always healing?
Why is it always running?
Why is it always rolling?
Why is it always backstepping?
Why is it always jumping?
Why is it always crouching?
Why is it always target lock?
Why is it always item crafting?
Why is it always gesturing?
Why is it always morning?
Why is it always noon?
Why is it always evening?
Why is it always night?
Why is it always clear sky?
Why is it always overcast?
Why is it always rain?
Why is it always storm?
Why is it always mist?
Why is it always snow?
Why is it always patrolling?
Why is it always procession?
Why is it always crowd?
Why is it always surprise attack?
Why is it always ambush?
Why is it always pincer attack?
Why is it always beating to a pulp?
Why is it always battle?
Why is it always reinforcements?
Why is it always ritual?
Why is it always explosion?
Why is it always high spot?
Why is it always defensible spot?
Why is it always climbable spot?
Why is it always crossable spot?
Why is it always bright spot?
Why is it always dark spot?
Why is it always open area?
Why is it always cramped area?
Why is it always hiding place?
Why is it always sniping spot?
Why is it always recon spot?
Why is it always safety?
Why is it always danger?
Why is it always gorgeous view?
Why is it always detour?
Why is it always hidden path?
Why is it always secret passage?
Why is it always shortcut?
Why is it always dead end?
Why is it always looking away?
Why is it always unnoticed?
Why is it always out of stamina?
Why is it always high road?
Why is it always checkpoint?
Why is it always bridge?
Why is it always castle?
Why is it always fort?
Why is it always city?
Why is it always ruins?
Why is it always church?
Why is it always tower?
Why is it always camp site?
Why is it always house?
Why is it always cemetery?
Why is it always underground tomb?
Why is it always tunnel?
Why is it always cave?
Why is it always evergaol?
Why is it always great tree?
Why is it always cellar?
Why is it always surface?
Why is it always underground?
Why is it always forest?
Why is it always river?
Why is it always lake?
Why is it always bog?
Why is it always mountain?
Why is it always valley?
Why is it always cliff?
Why is it always waterside?
Why is it always nest?
Why is it always hole?
Why is it always east?
Why is it always west?
Why is it always south?
Why is it always north?
Why is it always ahead?
Why is it always behind?
Why is it always left?
Why is it always right?
Why is it always center?
Why is it always up?
Why is it always down?
Why is it always edge?
Why is it always head?
Why is it always stomach?
Why is it always back?
Why is it always arms?
Why is it always legs?
Why is it always rump?
Why is it always tail?
Why is it always core?
Why is it always fingers?
Why is it always physical?
Why is it always standard?
Why is it always striking?
Why is it always slashing?
Why is it always piercing?
Why is it always fire?
Why is it always lightning?
Why is it always magic?
Why is it always holy?
Why is it always poison?
Why is it always toxic?
Why is it always scarlet rot?
Why is it always blood loss?
Why is it always frost?
Why is it always sleep?
Why is it always madness?
Why is it always death?
Why is it always life?
Why is it always Death?
Why is it always light?
Why is it always dark?
Why is it always stars?
Why is it always Order?
Why is it always chaos?
Why is it always joy?
Why is it always wrath?
Why is it always suffering?
Why is it always sadness?
Why is it always comfort?
Why is it always bliss?
Why is it always misfortune?
Why is it always good fortune?
Why is it always bad luck?
Why is it always hope?
Why is it always despair?
Why is it always victory?
Why is it always defeat?
Why is it always research?
Why is it always faith?
Why is it always abundance?
Why is it always rot?
Why is it always loyalty?
Why is it always injustice?
Why is it always secret?
Why is it always opportunity?
Why is it always pickle?
Why is it always clue?
Why is it always friendship?
Why is it always love?
Why is it always bravery?
Why is it always vigor?
Why is it always fortitude?
Why is it always confidence?
Why is it always distracted?
Why is it always unguarded?
Why is it always introspection?
Why is it always regret?
Why is it always resignation?
Why is it always futility?
Why is it always on the brink?
Why is it always betrayal?
Why is it always revenge?
Why is it always destruction?
Why is it always recklessness?
Why is it always calmness?
Why is it always vigilance?
Why is it always tranquility?
Why is it always sound?
Why is it always tears?
Why is it always depths?
Why is it always dregs?
Why is it always fear?
Why is it always sacrifice?
Why is it always ruin?
Why is it always good luck?
Why is it always look carefully?
Why is it always listen carefully?
Why is it always think carefully?
Why is it always well done?
Why is it always I did it!?
Why is it always I've failed...?
Why is it always here!?
Why is it always not here!?
Why is it always don't you dare!?
Why is it always do it!?
Why is it always I can't take this...?
Why is it always don't think?
Why is it always so lonely...?
Why is it always here again...?
Why is it always just getting started?
Why is it always stay calm?
Why is it always keep moving?
Why is it always turn back?
Why is it always give up?
Why is it always don't give up?
Why is it always help me...?
Why is it always I don't believe it...?
Why is it always too high up?
Why is it always I want to go home...?
Why is it always it's like a dream...?
Why is it always seems familiar...?
Why is it always beautiful...?
Why is it always you don't have the right?
Why is it always are you ready??
If only I had a enemy...
If only I had a weak foe...
If only I had a strong foe...
If only I had a monster...
If only I had a dragon...
If only I had a boss...
If only I had a sentry...
If only I had a group...
If only I had a pack...
If only I had a decoy...
If only I had a undead...
If only I had a soldier...
If only I had a knight...
If only I had a cavalier...
If only I had a archer...
If only I had a sniper...
If only I had a mage...
If only I had a ordnance...
If only I had a monarch...
If only I had a lord...
If only I had a demi-human...
If only I had a outsider...
If only I had a giant...
If only I had a horse...
If only I had a dog...
If only I had a wolf...
If only I had a rat...
If only I had a beast...
If only I had a bird...
If only I had a raptor...
If only I had a snake...
If only I had a crab...
If only I had a prawn...
If only I had a octopus...
If only I had a bug...
If only I had a scarab...
If only I had a slug...
If only I had a wraith...
If only I had a skeleton...
If only I had a monstrosity...
If only I had a ill-omened creature...
If only I had a Tarnished...
If only I had a warrior...
If only I had a swordfighter...
If only I had a samurai...
If only I had a sorcerer...
If only I had a cleric...
If only I had a sage...
If only I had a merchant...
If only I had a teacher...
If only I had a master...
If only I had a friend...
If only I had a lover...
If only I had a old dear...
If only I had a old codger ...
If only I had a angel...
If only I had a fat coinpurse...
If only I had a pauper...
If only I had a good sort...
If only I had a wicked sort...
If only I had a plump sort...
If only I had a skinny sort...
If only I had a lovable sort...
If only I had a pathetic sort...
If only I had a strange sort...
If only I had a nimble sort...
If only I had a laggardly sort...
If only I had a invisible sort...
If only I had a unfathomable sort...
If only I had a giant sort...
If only I had a sinner...
If only I had a thief...
If only I had a liar...
If only I had a dastard...
If only I had a traitor...
If only I had a pair...
If only I had a trio...
If only I had a noble...
If only I had a aristocrat...
If only I had a hero...
If only I had a champion...
If only I had a god...
If only I had a item...
If only I had a necessary item...
If only I had a precious item...
If only I had a something...
If only I had a something incredible...
If only I had a treasure chest...
If only I had a corpse...
If only I had a coffin...
If only I had a trap...
If only I had a armament...
If only I had a shield...
If only I had a bow...
If only I had a projectile weapon...
If only I had a armor...
If only I had a talisman...
If only I had a skill...
If only I had a sorcery...
If only I had a incantation...
If only I had a map...
If only I had a material...
If only I had a flower...
If only I had a grass...
If only I had a tree...
If only I had a fruit...
If only I had a seed...
If only I had a mushroom...
If only I had a tear...
If only I had a crystal...
If only I had a butterfly...
If only I had a dung...
If only I had a grace...
If only I had a door...
If only I had a key...
If only I had a ladder...
If only I had a lever...
If only I had a lift...
If only I had a spiritspring...
If only I had a sending gate...
If only I had a stone astrolabe...
If only I had a Birdseye Telescope...
If only I had a message...
If only I had a bloodstain...
If only I had a Erdtree...
If only I had a Elden Ring...
If only I had a close-quarters battle...
If only I had a ranged battle...
If only I had a horseback battle...
If only I had a luring out...
If only I had a defeating one-by-one...
If only I had a taking on all at once...
If only I had a rushing in...
If only I had a stealth...
If only I had a mimicry...
If only I had a confusion...
If only I had a pursuit...
If only I had a fleeing...
If only I had a summoning...
If only I had a circling around...
If only I had a jumping off...
If only I had a dashing through...
If only I had a brief respite...
If only I had a attacking...
If only I had a jump attack...
If only I had a running attack...
If only I had a critical hit...
If only I had a two-handing...
If only I had a blocking...
If only I had a parrying...
If only I had a guard counter...
If only I had a throwing...
If only I had a healing...
If only I had a running...
If only I had a rolling...
If only I had a backstepping...
If only I had a jumping...
If only I had a crouching...
If only I had a target lock...
If only I had a item crafting...
If only I had a gesturing...
If only I had a morning...
If only I had a noon...
If only I had a evening...
If only I had a night...
If only I had a clear sky...
If only I had a overcast...
If only I had a rain...
If only I had a storm...
If only I had a mist...
If only I had a snow...
If only I had a patrolling...
If only I had a procession...
If only I had a crowd...
If only I had a surprise attack...
If only I had a ambush...
If only I had a pincer attack...
If only I had a beating to a pulp...
If only I had a battle...
If only I had a reinforcements...
If only I had a ritual...
If only I had a explosion...
If only I had a high spot...
If only I had a defensible spot...
If only I had a climbable spot...
If only I had a crossable spot...
If only I had a bright spot...
If only I had a dark spot...
If only I had a open area...
If only I had a cramped area...
If only I had a hiding place...
If only I had a sniping spot...
If only I had a recon spot...
If only I had a safety...
If only I had a danger...
If only I had a gorgeous view...
If only I had a detour...
If only I had a hidden path...
If only I had a secret passage...
If only I had a shortcut...
If only I had a dead end...
If only I had a looking away...
If only I had a unnoticed...
If only I had a out of stamina...
If only I had a high road...
If only I had a checkpoint...
If only I had a bridge...
If only I had a castle...
If only I had a fort...
If only I had a city...
If only I had a ruins...
If only I had a church...
If only I had a tower...
If only I had a camp site...
If only I had a house...
If only I had a cemetery...
If only I had a underground tomb...
If only I had a tunnel...
If only I had a cave...
If only I had a evergaol...
If only I had a great tree...
If only I had a cellar...
If only I had a surface...
If only I had a underground...
If only I had a forest...
If only I had a river...
If only I had a lake...
If only I had a bog...
If only I had a mountain...
If only I had a valley...
If only I had a cliff...
If only I had a waterside...
If only I had a nest...
If only I had a hole...
If only I had a east...
If only I had a west...
If only I had a south...
If only I had a north...
If only I had a ahead...
If only I had a behind...
If only I had a left...
If only I had a right...
If only I had a center...
If only I had a up...
If only I had a down...
If only I had a edge...
If only I had a head...
If only I had a stomach...
If only I had a back...
If only I had a arms...
If only I had a legs...
If only I had a rump...
If only I had a tail...
If only I had a core...
If only I had a fingers...
If only I had a physical...
If only I had a standard...
If only I had a striking...
If only I had a slashing...
If only I had a piercing...
If only I had a fire...
If only I had a lightning...
If only I had a magic...
If only I had a holy...
If only I had a poison...
If only I had a toxic...
If only I had a scarlet rot...
If only I had a blood loss...
If only I had a frost...
If only I had a sleep...
If only I had a madness...
If only I had a death...
If only I had a life...
If only I had a Death...
If only I had a light...
If only I had a dark...
If only I had a stars...
If only I had a Order...
If only I had a chaos...
If only I had a joy...
If only I had a wrath...
If only I had a suffering...
If only I had a sadness...
If only I had a comfort...
If only I had a bliss...
If only I had a misfortune...
If only I had a good fortune...
If only I had a bad luck...
If only I had a hope...
If only I had a despair...
If only I had a victory...
If only I had a defeat...
If only I had a research...
If only I had a faith...
If only I had a abundance...
If only I had a rot...
If only I had a loyalty...
If only I had a injustice...
If only I had a secret...
If only I had a opportunity...
If only I had a pickle...
If only I had a clue...
If only I had a friendship...
If only I had a love...
If only I had a bravery...
If only I had a vigor...
If only I had a fortitude...
If only I had a confidence...
If only I had a distracted...
If only I had a unguarded...
If only I had a introspection...
If only I had a regret...
If only I had a resignation...
If only I had a futility...
If only I had a on the brink...
If only I had a betrayal...
If only I had a revenge...
If only I had a destruction...
If only I had a recklessness...
If only I had a calmness...
If only I had a vigilance...
If only I had a tranquility...
If only I had a sound...
If only I had a tears...
If only I had a depths...
If only I had a dregs...
If only I had a fear...
If only I had a sacrifice...
If only I had a ruin...
If only I had a good luck...
If only I had a look carefully...
If only I had a listen carefully...
If only I had a think carefully...
If only I had a well done...
If only I had a I did it!...
If only I had a I've failed......
If only I had a here!...
If only I had a not here!...
If only I had a don't you dare!...
If only I had a do it!...
If only I had a I can't take this......
If only I had a don't think...
If only I had a so lonely......
If only I had a here again......
If only I had a just getting started...
If only I had a stay calm...
If only I had a keep moving...
If only I had a turn back...
If only I had a give up...
If only I had a don't give up...
If only I had a help me......
If only I had a I don't believe it......
If only I had a too high up...
If only I had a I want to go home......
If only I had a it's like a dream......
If only I had a seems familiar......
If only I had a beautiful......
If only I had a you don't have the right...
If only I had a are you ready?...
Didn't expect enemy...
Didn't expect weak foe...
Didn't expect strong foe...
Didn't expect monster...
Didn't expect dragon...
Didn't expect boss...
Didn't expect sentry...
Didn't expect group...
Didn't expect pack...
Didn't expect decoy...
Didn't expect undead...
Didn't expect soldier...
Didn't expect knight...
Didn't expect cavalier...
Didn't expect archer...
Didn't expect sniper...
Didn't expect mage...
Didn't expect ordnance...
Didn't expect monarch...
Didn't expect lord...
Didn't expect demi-human...
Didn't expect outsider...
Didn't expect giant...
Didn't expect horse...
Didn't expect dog...
Didn't expect wolf...
Didn't expect rat...
Didn't expect beast...
Didn't expect bird...
Didn't expect raptor...
Didn't expect snake...
Didn't expect crab...
Didn't expect prawn...
Didn't expect octopus...
Didn't expect bug...
Didn't expect scarab...
Didn't expect slug...
Didn't expect wraith...
Didn't expect skeleton...
Didn't expect monstrosity...
Didn't expect ill-omened creature...
Didn't expect Tarnished...
Didn't expect warrior...
Didn't expect swordfighter...
Didn't expect samurai...
Didn't expect sorcerer...
Didn't expect cleric...
Didn't expect sage...
Didn't expect merchant...
Didn't expect teacher...
Didn't expect master...
Didn't expect friend...
Didn't expect lover...
Didn't expect old dear...
Didn't expect old codger ...
Didn't expect angel...
Didn't expect fat coinpurse...
Didn't expect pauper...
Didn't expect good sort...
Didn't expect wicked sort...
Didn't expect plump sort...
Didn't expect skinny sort...
Didn't expect lovable sort...
Didn't expect pathetic sort...
Didn't expect strange sort...
Didn't expect nimble sort...
Didn't expect laggardly sort...
Didn't expect invisible sort...
Didn't expect unfathomable sort...
Didn't expect giant sort...
Didn't expect sinner...
Didn't expect thief...
Didn't expect liar...
Didn't expect dastard...
Didn't expect traitor...
Didn't expect pair...
Didn't expect trio...
Didn't expect noble...
Didn't expect aristocrat...
Didn't expect hero...
Didn't expect champion...
Didn't expect god...
Didn't expect item...
Didn't expect necessary item...
Didn't expect precious item...
Didn't expect something...
Didn't expect something incredible...
Didn't expect treasure chest...
Didn't expect corpse...
Didn't expect coffin...
Didn't expect trap...
Didn't expect armament...
Didn't expect shield...
Didn't expect bow...
Didn't expect projectile weapon...
Didn't expect armor...
Didn't expect talisman...
Didn't expect skill...
Didn't expect sorcery...
Didn't expect incantation...
Didn't expect map...
Didn't expect material...
Didn't expect flower...
Didn't expect grass...
Didn't expect tree...
Didn't expect fruit...
Didn't expect seed...
Didn't expect mushroom...
Didn't expect tear...
Didn't expect crystal...
Didn't expect butterfly...
Didn't expect dung...
Didn't expect grace...
Didn't expect door...
Didn't expect key...
Didn't expect ladder...
Didn't expect lever...
Didn't expect lift...
Didn't expect spiritspring...
Didn't expect sending gate...
Didn't expect stone astrolabe...
Didn't expect Birdseye Telescope...
Didn't expect message...
Didn't expect bloodstain...
Didn't expect Erdtree...
Didn't expect Elden Ring...
Didn't expect close-quarters battle...
Didn't expect ranged battle...
Didn't expect horseback battle...
Didn't expect luring out...
Didn't expect defeating one-by-one...
Didn't expect taking on all at once...
Didn't expect rushing in...
Didn't expect stealth...
Didn't expect mimicry...
Didn't expect confusion...
Didn't expect pursuit...
Didn't expect fleeing...
Didn't expect summoning...
Didn't expect circling around...
Didn't expect jumping off...
Didn't expect dashing through...
Didn't expect brief respite...
Didn't expect attacking...
Didn't expect jump attack...
Didn't expect running attack...
Didn't expect critical hit...
Didn't expect two-handing...
Didn't expect blocking...
Didn't expect parrying...
Didn't expect guard counter...
Didn't expect throwing...
Didn't expect healing...
Didn't expect running...
Didn't expect rolling...
Didn't expect backstepping...
Didn't expect jumping...
Didn't expect crouching...
Didn't expect target lock...
Didn't expect item crafting...
Didn't expect gesturing...
Didn't expect morning...
Didn't expect noon...
Didn't expect evening...
Didn't expect night...
Didn't expect clear sky...
Didn't expect overcast...
Didn't expect rain...
Didn't expect storm...
Didn't expect mist...
Didn't expect snow...
Didn't expect patrolling...
Didn't expect procession...
Didn't expect crowd...
Didn't expect surprise attack...
Didn't expect ambush...
Didn't expect pincer attack...
Didn't expect beating to a pulp...
Didn't expect battle...
Didn't expect reinforcements...
Didn't expect ritual...
Didn't expect explosion...
Didn't expect high spot...
Didn't expect defensible spot...
Didn't expect climbable spot...
Didn't expect crossable spot...
Didn't expect bright spot...
Didn't expect dark spot...
Didn't expect open area...
Didn't expect cramped area...
Didn't expect hiding place...
Didn't expect sniping spot...
Didn't expect recon spot...
Didn't expect safety...
Didn't expect danger...
Didn't expect gorgeous view...
Didn't expect detour...
Didn't expect hidden path...
Didn't expect secret passage...
Didn't expect shortcut...
Didn't expect dead end...
Didn't expect looking away...
Didn't expect unnoticed...
Didn't expect out of stamina...
Didn't expect high road...
Didn't expect checkpoint...
Didn't expect bridge...
Didn't expect castle...
Didn't expect fort...
Didn't expect city...
Didn't expect ruins...
Didn't expect church...
Didn't expect tower...
Didn't expect camp site...
Didn't expect house...
Didn't expect cemetery...
Didn't expect underground tomb...
Didn't expect tunnel...
Didn't expect cave...
Didn't expect evergaol...
Didn't expect great tree...
Didn't expect cellar...
Didn't expect surface...
Didn't expect underground...
Didn't expect forest...
Didn't expect river...
Didn't expect lake...
Didn't expect bog...
Didn't expect mountain...
Didn't expect valley...
Didn't expect cliff...
Didn't expect waterside...
Didn't expect nest...
Didn't expect hole...
Didn't expect east...
Didn't expect west...
Didn't expect south...
Didn't expect north...
Didn't expect ahead...
Didn't expect behind...
Didn't expect left...
Didn't expect right...
Didn't expect center...
Didn't expect up...
Didn't expect down...
Didn't expect edge...
Didn't expect head...
Didn't expect stomach...
Didn't expect back...
Didn't expect arms...
Didn't expect legs...
Didn't expect rump...
Didn't expect tail...
Didn't expect core...
Didn't expect fingers...
Didn't expect physical...
Didn't expect standard...
Didn't expect striking...
Didn't expect slashing...
Didn't expect piercing...
Didn't expect fire...
Didn't expect lightning...
Didn't expect magic...
Didn't expect holy...
Didn't expect poison...
Didn't expect toxic...
Didn't expect scarlet rot...
Didn't expect blood loss...
Didn't expect frost...
Didn't expect sleep...
Didn't expect madness...
Didn't expect death...
Didn't expect life...
Didn't expect Death...
Didn't expect light...
Didn't expect dark...
Didn't expect stars...
Didn't expect Order...
Didn't expect chaos...
Didn't expect joy...
Didn't expect wrath...
Didn't expect suffering...
Didn't expect sadness...
Didn't expect comfort...
Didn't expect bliss...
Didn't expect misfortune...
Didn't expect good fortune...
Didn't expect bad luck...
Didn't expect hope...
Didn't expect despair...
Didn't expect victory...
Didn't expect defeat...
Didn't expect research...
Didn't expect faith...
Didn't expect abundance...
Didn't expect rot...
Didn't expect loyalty...
Didn't expect injustice...
Didn't expect secret...
Didn't expect opportunity...
Didn't expect pickle...
Didn't expect clue...
Didn't expect friendship...
Didn't expect love...
Didn't expect bravery...
Didn't expect vigor...
Didn't expect fortitude...
Didn't expect confidence...
Didn't expect distracted...
Didn't expect unguarded...
Didn't expect introspection...
Didn't expect regret...
Didn't expect resignation...
Didn't expect futility...
Didn't expect on the brink...
Didn't expect betrayal...
Didn't expect revenge...
Didn't expect destruction...
Didn't expect recklessness...
Didn't expect calmness...
Didn't expect vigilance...
Didn't expect tranquility...
Didn't expect sound...
Didn't expect tears...
Didn't expect depths...
Didn't expect dregs...
Didn't expect fear...
Didn't expect sacrifice...
Didn't expect ruin...
Didn't expect good luck...
Didn't expect look carefully...
Didn't expect listen carefully...
Didn't expect think carefully...
Didn't expect well done...
Didn't expect I did it!...
Didn't expect I've failed......
Didn't expect here!...
Didn't expect not here!...
Didn't expect don't you dare!...
Didn't expect do it!...
Didn't expect I can't take this......
Didn't expect don't think...
Didn't expect so lonely......
Didn't expect here again......
Didn't expect just getting started...
Didn't expect stay calm...
Didn't expect keep moving...
Didn't expect turn back...
Didn't expect give up...
Didn't expect don't give up...
Didn't expect help me......
Didn't expect I don't believe it......
Didn't expect too high up...
Didn't expect I want to go home......
Didn't expect it's like a dream......
Didn't expect seems familiar......
Didn't expect beautiful......
Didn't expect you don't have the right...
Didn't expect are you ready?...
Visions of enemy... 
Visions of weak foe... 
Visions of strong foe... 
Visions of monster... 
Visions of dragon... 
Visions of boss... 
Visions of sentry... 
Visions of group... 
Visions of pack... 
Visions of decoy... 
Visions of undead... 
Visions of soldier... 
Visions of knight... 
Visions of cavalier... 
Visions of archer... 
Visions of sniper... 
Visions of mage... 
Visions of ordnance... 
Visions of monarch... 
Visions of lord... 
Visions of demi-human... 
Visions of outsider... 
Visions of giant... 
Visions of horse... 
Visions of dog... 
Visions of wolf... 
Visions of rat... 
Visions of beast... 
Visions of bird... 
Visions of raptor... 
Visions of snake... 
Visions of crab... 
Visions of prawn... 
Visions of octopus... 
Visions of bug... 
Visions of scarab... 
Visions of slug... 
Visions of wraith... 
Visions of skeleton... 
Visions of monstrosity... 
Visions of ill-omened creature... 
Visions of Tarnished... 
Visions of warrior... 
Visions of swordfighter... 
Visions of samurai... 
Visions of sorcerer... 
Visions of cleric... 
Visions of sage... 
Visions of merchant... 
Visions of teacher... 
Visions of master... 
Visions of friend... 
Visions of lover... 
Visions of old dear... 
Visions of old codger ... 
Visions of angel... 
Visions of fat coinpurse... 
Visions of pauper... 
Visions of good sort... 
Visions of wicked sort... 
Visions of plump sort... 
Visions of skinny sort... 
Visions of lovable sort... 
Visions of pathetic sort... 
Visions of strange sort... 
Visions of nimble sort... 
Visions of laggardly sort... 
Visions of invisible sort... 
Visions of unfathomable sort... 
Visions of giant sort... 
Visions of sinner... 
Visions of thief... 
Visions of liar... 
Visions of dastard... 
Visions of traitor... 
Visions of pair... 
Visions of trio... 
Visions of noble... 
Visions of aristocrat... 
Visions of hero... 
Visions of champion... 
Visions of god... 
Visions of item... 
Visions of necessary item... 
Visions of precious item... 
Visions of something... 
Visions of something incredible... 
Visions of treasure chest... 
Visions of corpse... 
Visions of coffin... 
Visions of trap... 
Visions of armament... 
Visions of shield... 
Visions of bow... 
Visions of projectile weapon... 
Visions of armor... 
Visions of talisman... 
Visions of skill... 
Visions of sorcery... 
Visions of incantation... 
Visions of map... 
Visions of material... 
Visions of flower... 
Visions of grass... 
Visions of tree... 
Visions of fruit... 
Visions of seed... 
Visions of mushroom... 
Visions of tear... 
Visions of crystal... 
Visions of butterfly... 
Visions of dung... 
Visions of grace... 
Visions of door... 
Visions of key... 
Visions of ladder... 
Visions of lever... 
Visions of lift... 
Visions of spiritspring... 
Visions of sending gate... 
Visions of stone astrolabe... 
Visions of Birdseye Telescope... 
Visions of message... 
Visions of bloodstain... 
Visions of Erdtree... 
Visions of Elden Ring... 
Visions of close-quarters battle... 
Visions of ranged battle... 
Visions of horseback battle... 
Visions of luring out... 
Visions of defeating one-by-one... 
Visions of taking on all at once... 
Visions of rushing in... 
Visions of stealth... 
Visions of mimicry... 
Visions of confusion... 
Visions of pursuit... 
Visions of fleeing... 
Visions of summoning... 
Visions of circling around... 
Visions of jumping off... 
Visions of dashing through... 
Visions of brief respite... 
Visions of attacking... 
Visions of jump attack... 
Visions of running attack... 
Visions of critical hit... 
Visions of two-handing... 
Visions of blocking... 
Visions of parrying... 
Visions of guard counter... 
Visions of throwing... 
Visions of healing... 
Visions of running... 
Visions of rolling... 
Visions of backstepping... 
Visions of jumping... 
Visions of crouching... 
Visions of target lock... 
Visions of item crafting... 
Visions of gesturing... 
Visions of morning... 
Visions of noon... 
Visions of evening... 
Visions of night... 
Visions of clear sky... 
Visions of overcast... 
Visions of rain... 
Visions of storm... 
Visions of mist... 
Visions of snow... 
Visions of patrolling... 
Visions of procession... 
Visions of crowd... 
Visions of surprise attack... 
Visions of ambush... 
Visions of pincer attack... 
Visions of beating to a pulp... 
Visions of battle... 
Visions of reinforcements... 
Visions of ritual... 
Visions of explosion... 
Visions of high spot... 
Visions of defensible spot... 
Visions of climbable spot... 
Visions of crossable spot... 
Visions of bright spot... 
Visions of dark spot... 
Visions of open area... 
Visions of cramped area... 
Visions of hiding place... 
Visions of sniping spot... 
Visions of recon spot... 
Visions of safety... 
Visions of danger... 
Visions of gorgeous view... 
Visions of detour... 
Visions of hidden path... 
Visions of secret passage... 
Visions of shortcut... 
Visions of dead end... 
Visions of looking away... 
Visions of unnoticed... 
Visions of out of stamina... 
Visions of high road... 
Visions of checkpoint... 
Visions of bridge... 
Visions of castle... 
Visions of fort... 
Visions of city... 
Visions of ruins... 
Visions of church... 
Visions of tower... 
Visions of camp site... 
Visions of house... 
Visions of cemetery... 
Visions of underground tomb... 
Visions of tunnel... 
Visions of cave... 
Visions of evergaol... 
Visions of great tree... 
Visions of cellar... 
Visions of surface... 
Visions of underground... 
Visions of forest... 
Visions of river... 
Visions of lake... 
Visions of bog... 
Visions of mountain... 
Visions of valley... 
Visions of cliff... 
Visions of waterside... 
Visions of nest... 
Visions of hole... 
Visions of east... 
Visions of west... 
Visions of south... 
Visions of north... 
Visions of ahead... 
Visions of behind... 
Visions of left... 
Visions of right... 
Visions of center... 
Visions of up... 
Visions of down... 
Visions of edge... 
Visions of head... 
Visions of stomach... 
Visions of back... 
Visions of arms... 
Visions of legs... 
Visions of rump... 
Visions of tail... 
Visions of core... 
Visions of fingers... 
Visions of physical... 
Visions of standard... 
Visions of striking... 
Visions of slashing... 
Visions of piercing... 
Visions of fire... 
Visions of lightning... 
Visions of magic... 
Visions of holy... 
Visions of poison... 
Visions of toxic... 
Visions of scarlet rot... 
Visions of blood loss... 
Visions of frost... 
Visions of sleep... 
Visions of madness... 
Visions of death... 
Visions of life... 
Visions of Death... 
Visions of light... 
Visions of dark... 
Visions of stars... 
Visions of Order... 
Visions of chaos... 
Visions of joy... 
Visions of wrath... 
Visions of suffering... 
Visions of sadness... 
Visions of comfort... 
Visions of bliss... 
Visions of misfortune... 
Visions of good fortune... 
Visions of bad luck... 
Visions of hope... 
Visions of despair... 
Visions of victory... 
Visions of defeat... 
Visions of research... 
Visions of faith... 
Visions of abundance... 
Visions of rot... 
Visions of loyalty... 
Visions of injustice... 
Visions of secret... 
Visions of opportunity... 
Visions of pickle... 
Visions of clue... 
Visions of friendship... 
Visions of love... 
Visions of bravery... 
Visions of vigor... 
Visions of fortitude... 
Visions of confidence... 
Visions of distracted... 
Visions of unguarded... 
Visions of introspection... 
Visions of regret... 
Visions of resignation... 
Visions of futility... 
Visions of on the brink... 
Visions of betrayal... 
Visions of revenge... 
Visions of destruction... 
Visions of recklessness... 
Visions of calmness... 
Visions of vigilance... 
Visions of tranquility... 
Visions of sound... 
Visions of tears... 
Visions of depths... 
Visions of dregs... 
Visions of fear... 
Visions of sacrifice... 
Visions of ruin... 
Visions of good luck... 
Visions of look carefully... 
Visions of listen carefully... 
Visions of think carefully... 
Visions of well done... 
Visions of I did it!... 
Visions of I've failed...... 
Visions of here!... 
Visions of not here!... 
Visions of don't you dare!... 
Visions of do it!... 
Visions of I can't take this...... 
Visions of don't think... 
Visions of so lonely...... 
Visions of here again...... 
Visions of just getting started... 
Visions of stay calm... 
Visions of keep moving... 
Visions of turn back... 
Visions of give up... 
Visions of don't give up... 
Visions of help me...... 
Visions of I don't believe it...... 
Visions of too high up... 
Visions of I want to go home...... 
Visions of it's like a dream...... 
Visions of seems familiar...... 
Visions of beautiful...... 
Visions of you don't have the right... 
Visions of are you ready?... 
Could this be a enemy?
Could this be a weak foe?
Could this be a strong foe?
Could this be a monster?
Could this be a dragon?
Could this be a boss?
Could this be a sentry?
Could this be a group?
Could this be a pack?
Could this be a decoy?
Could this be a undead?
Could this be a soldier?
Could this be a knight?
Could this be a cavalier?
Could this be a archer?
Could this be a sniper?
Could this be a mage?
Could this be a ordnance?
Could this be a monarch?
Could this be a lord?
Could this be a demi-human?
Could this be a outsider?
Could this be a giant?
Could this be a horse?
Could this be a dog?
Could this be a wolf?
Could this be a rat?
Could this be a beast?
Could this be a bird?
Could this be a raptor?
Could this be a snake?
Could this be a crab?
Could this be a prawn?
Could this be a octopus?
Could this be a bug?
Could this be a scarab?
Could this be a slug?
Could this be a wraith?
Could this be a skeleton?
Could this be a monstrosity?
Could this be a ill-omened creature?
Could this be a Tarnished?
Could this be a warrior?
Could this be a swordfighter?
Could this be a samurai?
Could this be a sorcerer?
Could this be a cleric?
Could this be a sage?
Could this be a merchant?
Could this be a teacher?
Could this be a master?
Could this be a friend?
Could this be a lover?
Could this be a old dear?
Could this be a old codger ?
Could this be a angel?
Could this be a fat coinpurse?
Could this be a pauper?
Could this be a good sort?
Could this be a wicked sort?
Could this be a plump sort?
Could this be a skinny sort?
Could this be a lovable sort?
Could this be a pathetic sort?
Could this be a strange sort?
Could this be a nimble sort?
Could this be a laggardly sort?
Could this be a invisible sort?
Could this be a unfathomable sort?
Could this be a giant sort?
Could this be a sinner?
Could this be a thief?
Could this be a liar?
Could this be a dastard?
Could this be a traitor?
Could this be a pair?
Could this be a trio?
Could this be a noble?
Could this be a aristocrat?
Could this be a hero?
Could this be a champion?
Could this be a god?
Could this be a item?
Could this be a necessary item?
Could this be a precious item?
Could this be a something?
Could this be a something incredible?
Could this be a treasure chest?
Could this be a corpse?
Could this be a coffin?
Could this be a trap?
Could this be a armament?
Could this be a shield?
Could this be a bow?
Could this be a projectile weapon?
Could this be a armor?
Could this be a talisman?
Could this be a skill?
Could this be a sorcery?
Could this be a incantation?
Could this be a map?
Could this be a material?
Could this be a flower?
Could this be a grass?
Could this be a tree?
Could this be a fruit?
Could this be a seed?
Could this be a mushroom?
Could this be a tear?
Could this be a crystal?
Could this be a butterfly?
Could this be a dung?
Could this be a grace?
Could this be a door?
Could this be a key?
Could this be a ladder?
Could this be a lever?
Could this be a lift?
Could this be a spiritspring?
Could this be a sending gate?
Could this be a stone astrolabe?
Could this be a Birdseye Telescope?
Could this be a message?
Could this be a bloodstain?
Could this be a Erdtree?
Could this be a Elden Ring?
Could this be a close-quarters battle?
Could this be a ranged battle?
Could this be a horseback battle?
Could this be a luring out?
Could this be a defeating one-by-one?
Could this be a taking on all at once?
Could this be a rushing in?
Could this be a stealth?
Could this be a mimicry?
Could this be a confusion?
Could this be a pursuit?
Could this be a fleeing?
Could this be a summoning?
Could this be a circling around?
Could this be a jumping off?
Could this be a dashing through?
Could this be a brief respite?
Could this be a attacking?
Could this be a jump attack?
Could this be a running attack?
Could this be a critical hit?
Could this be a two-handing?
Could this be a blocking?
Could this be a parrying?
Could this be a guard counter?
Could this be a throwing?
Could this be a healing?
Could this be a running?
Could this be a rolling?
Could this be a backstepping?
Could this be a jumping?
Could this be a crouching?
Could this be a target lock?
Could this be a item crafting?
Could this be a gesturing?
Could this be a morning?
Could this be a noon?
Could this be a evening?
Could this be a night?
Could this be a clear sky?
Could this be a overcast?
Could this be a rain?
Could this be a storm?
Could this be a mist?
Could this be a snow?
Could this be a patrolling?
Could this be a procession?
Could this be a crowd?
Could this be a surprise attack?
Could this be a ambush?
Could this be a pincer attack?
Could this be a beating to a pulp?
Could this be a battle?
Could this be a reinforcements?
Could this be a ritual?
Could this be a explosion?
Could this be a high spot?
Could this be a defensible spot?
Could this be a climbable spot?
Could this be a crossable spot?
Could this be a bright spot?
Could this be a dark spot?
Could this be a open area?
Could this be a cramped area?
Could this be a hiding place?
Could this be a sniping spot?
Could this be a recon spot?
Could this be a safety?
Could this be a danger?
Could this be a gorgeous view?
Could this be a detour?
Could this be a hidden path?
Could this be a secret passage?
Could this be a shortcut?
Could this be a dead end?
Could this be a looking away?
Could this be a unnoticed?
Could this be a out of stamina?
Could this be a high road?
Could this be a checkpoint?
Could this be a bridge?
Could this be a castle?
Could this be a fort?
Could this be a city?
Could this be a ruins?
Could this be a church?
Could this be a tower?
Could this be a camp site?
Could this be a house?
Could this be a cemetery?
Could this be a underground tomb?
Could this be a tunnel?
Could this be a cave?
Could this be a evergaol?
Could this be a great tree?
Could this be a cellar?
Could this be a surface?
Could this be a underground?
Could this be a forest?
Could this be a river?
Could this be a lake?
Could this be a bog?
Could this be a mountain?
Could this be a valley?
Could this be a cliff?
Could this be a waterside?
Could this be a nest?
Could this be a hole?
Could this be a east?
Could this be a west?
Could this be a south?
Could this be a north?
Could this be a ahead?
Could this be a behind?
Could this be a left?
Could this be a right?
Could this be a center?
Could this be a up?
Could this be a down?
Could this be a edge?
Could this be a head?
Could this be a stomach?
Could this be a back?
Could this be a arms?
Could this be a legs?
Could this be a rump?
Could this be a tail?
Could this be a core?
Could this be a fingers?
Could this be a physical?
Could this be a standard?
Could this be a striking?
Could this be a slashing?
Could this be a piercing?
Could this be a fire?
Could this be a lightning?
Could this be a magic?
Could this be a holy?
Could this be a poison?
Could this be a toxic?
Could this be a scarlet rot?
Could this be a blood loss?
Could this be a frost?
Could this be a sleep?
Could this be a madness?
Could this be a death?
Could this be a life?
Could this be a Death?
Could this be a light?
Could this be a dark?
Could this be a stars?
Could this be a Order?
Could this be a chaos?
Could this be a joy?
Could this be a wrath?
Could this be a suffering?
Could this be a sadness?
Could this be a comfort?
Could this be a bliss?
Could this be a misfortune?
Could this be a good fortune?
Could this be a bad luck?
Could this be a hope?
Could this be a despair?
Could this be a victory?
Could this be a defeat?
Could this be a research?
Could this be a faith?
Could this be a abundance?
Could this be a rot?
Could this be a loyalty?
Could this be a injustice?
Could this be a secret?
Could this be a opportunity?
Could this be a pickle?
Could this be a clue?
Could this be a friendship?
Could this be a love?
Could this be a bravery?
Could this be a vigor?
Could this be a fortitude?
Could this be a confidence?
Could this be a distracted?
Could this be a unguarded?
Could this be a introspection?
Could this be a regret?
Could this be a resignation?
Could this be a futility?
Could this be a on the brink?
Could this be a betrayal?
Could this be a revenge?
Could this be a destruction?
Could this be a recklessness?
Could this be a calmness?
Could this be a vigilance?
Could this be a tranquility?
Could this be a sound?
Could this be a tears?
Could this be a depths?
Could this be a dregs?
Could this be a fear?
Could this be a sacrifice?
Could this be a ruin?
Could this be a good luck?
Could this be a look carefully?
Could this be a listen carefully?
Could this be a think carefully?
Could this be a well done?
Could this be a I did it!?
Could this be a I've failed...?
Could this be a here!?
Could this be a not here!?
Could this be a don't you dare!?
Could this be a do it!?
Could this be a I can't take this...?
Could this be a don't think?
Could this be a so lonely...?
Could this be a here again...?
Could this be a just getting started?
Could this be a stay calm?
Could this be a keep moving?
Could this be a turn back?
Could this be a give up?
Could this be a don't give up?
Could this be a help me...?
Could this be a I don't believe it...?
Could this be a too high up?
Could this be a I want to go home...?
Could this be a it's like a dream...?
Could this be a seems familiar...?
Could this be a beautiful...?
Could this be a you don't have the right?
Could this be a are you ready??
Time for enemy
Time for weak foe
Time for strong foe
Time for monster
Time for dragon
Time for boss
Time for sentry
Time for group
Time for pack
Time for decoy
Time for undead
Time for soldier
Time for knight
Time for cavalier
Time for archer
Time for sniper
Time for mage
Time for ordnance
Time for monarch
Time for lord
Time for demi-human
Time for outsider
Time for giant
Time for horse
Time for dog
Time for wolf
Time for rat
Time for beast
Time for bird
Time for raptor
Time for snake
Time for crab
Time for prawn
Time for octopus
Time for bug
Time for scarab
Time for slug
Time for wraith
Time for skeleton
Time for monstrosity
Time for ill-omened creature
Time for Tarnished
Time for warrior
Time for swordfighter
Time for samurai
Time for sorcerer
Time for cleric
Time for sage
Time for merchant
Time for teacher
Time for master
Time for friend
Time for lover
Time for old dear
Time for old codger 
Time for angel
Time for fat coinpurse
Time for pauper
Time for good sort
Time for wicked sort
Time for plump sort
Time for skinny sort
Time for lovable sort
Time for pathetic sort
Time for strange sort
Time for nimble sort
Time for laggardly sort
Time for invisible sort
Time for unfathomable sort
Time for giant sort
Time for sinner
Time for thief
Time for liar
Time for dastard
Time for traitor
Time for pair
Time for trio
Time for noble
Time for aristocrat
Time for hero
Time for champion
Time for god
Time for item
Time for necessary item
Time for precious item
Time for something
Time for something incredible
Time for treasure chest
Time for corpse
Time for coffin
Time for trap
Time for armament
Time for shield
Time for bow
Time for projectile weapon
Time for armor
Time for talisman
Time for skill
Time for sorcery
Time for incantation
Time for map
Time for material
Time for flower
Time for grass
Time for tree
Time for fruit
Time for seed
Time for mushroom
Time for tear
Time for crystal
Time for butterfly
Time for dung
Time for grace
Time for door
Time for key
Time for ladder
Time for lever
Time for lift
Time for spiritspring
Time for sending gate
Time for stone astrolabe
Time for Birdseye Telescope
Time for message
Time for bloodstain
Time for Erdtree
Time for Elden Ring
Time for close-quarters battle
Time for ranged battle
Time for horseback battle
Time for luring out
Time for defeating one-by-one
Time for taking on all at once
Time for rushing in
Time for stealth
Time for mimicry
Time for confusion
Time for pursuit
Time for fleeing
Time for summoning
Time for circling around
Time for jumping off
Time for dashing through
Time for brief respite
Time for attacking
Time for jump attack
Time for running attack
Time for critical hit
Time for two-handing
Time for blocking
Time for parrying
Time for guard counter
Time for throwing
Time for healing
Time for running
Time for rolling
Time for backstepping
Time for jumping
Time for crouching
Time for target lock
Time for item crafting
Time for gesturing
Time for morning
Time for noon
Time for evening
Time for night
Time for clear sky
Time for overcast
Time for rain
Time for storm
Time for mist
Time for snow
Time for patrolling
Time for procession
Time for crowd
Time for surprise attack
Time for ambush
Time for pincer attack
Time for beating to a pulp
Time for battle
Time for reinforcements
Time for ritual
Time for explosion
Time for high spot
Time for defensible spot
Time for climbable spot
Time for crossable spot
Time for bright spot
Time for dark spot
Time for open area
Time for cramped area
Time for hiding place
Time for sniping spot
Time for recon spot
Time for safety
Time for danger
Time for gorgeous view
Time for detour
Time for hidden path
Time for secret passage
Time for shortcut
Time for dead end
Time for looking away
Time for unnoticed
Time for out of stamina
Time for high road
Time for checkpoint
Time for bridge
Time for castle
Time for fort
Time for city
Time for ruins
Time for church
Time for tower
Time for camp site
Time for house
Time for cemetery
Time for underground tomb
Time for tunnel
Time for cave
Time for evergaol
Time for great tree
Time for cellar
Time for surface
Time for underground
Time for forest
Time for river
Time for lake
Time for bog
Time for mountain
Time for valley
Time for cliff
Time for waterside
Time for nest
Time for hole
Time for east
Time for west
Time for south
Time for north
Time for ahead
Time for behind
Time for left
Time for right
Time for center
Time for up
Time for down
Time for edge
Time for head
Time for stomach
Time for back
Time for arms
Time for legs
Time for rump
Time for tail
Time for core
Time for fingers
Time for physical
Time for standard
Time for striking
Time for slashing
Time for piercing
Time for fire
Time for lightning
Time for magic
Time for holy
Time for poison
Time for toxic
Time for scarlet rot
Time for blood loss
Time for frost
Time for sleep
Time for madness
Time for death
Time for life
Time for Death
Time for light
Time for dark
Time for stars
Time for Order
Time for chaos
Time for joy
Time for wrath
Time for suffering
Time for sadness
Time for comfort
Time for bliss
Time for misfortune
Time for good fortune
Time for bad luck
Time for hope
Time for despair
Time for victory
Time for defeat
Time for research
Time for faith
Time for abundance
Time for rot
Time for loyalty
Time for injustice
Time for secret
Time for opportunity
Time for pickle
Time for clue
Time for friendship
Time for love
Time for bravery
Time for vigor
Time for fortitude
Time for confidence
Time for distracted
Time for unguarded
Time for introspection
Time for regret
Time for resignation
Time for futility
Time for on the brink
Time for betrayal
Time for revenge
Time for destruction
Time for recklessness
Time for calmness
Time for vigilance
Time for tranquility
Time for sound
Time for tears
Time for depths
Time for dregs
Time for fear
Time for sacrifice
Time for ruin
Time for good luck
Time for look carefully
Time for listen carefully
Time for think carefully
Time for well done
Time for I did it!
Time for I've failed...
Time for here!
Time for not here!
Time for don't you dare!
Time for do it!
Time for I can't take this...
Time for don't think
Time for so lonely...
Time for here again...
Time for just getting started
Time for stay calm
Time for keep moving
Time for turn back
Time for give up
Time for don't give up
Time for help me...
Time for I don't believe it...
Time for too high up
Time for I want to go home...
Time for it's like a dream...
Time for seems familiar...
Time for beautiful...
Time for you don't have the right
Time for are you ready?
enemy, O enemy
weak foe, O weak foe
strong foe, O strong foe
monster, O monster
dragon, O dragon
boss, O boss
sentry, O sentry
group, O group
pack, O pack
decoy, O decoy
undead, O undead
soldier, O soldier
knight, O knight
cavalier, O cavalier
archer, O archer
sniper, O sniper
mage, O mage
ordnance, O ordnance
monarch, O monarch
lord, O lord
demi-human, O demi-human
outsider, O outsider
giant, O giant
horse, O horse
dog, O dog
wolf, O wolf
rat, O rat
beast, O beast
bird, O bird
raptor, O raptor
snake, O snake
crab, O crab
prawn, O prawn
octopus, O octopus
bug, O bug
scarab, O scarab
slug, O slug
wraith, O wraith
skeleton, O skeleton
monstrosity, O monstrosity
ill-omened creature, O ill-omened creature
Tarnished, O Tarnished
warrior, O warrior
swordfighter, O swordfighter
samurai, O samurai
sorcerer, O sorcerer
cleric, O cleric
sage, O sage
merchant, O merchant
teacher, O teacher
master, O master
friend, O friend
lover, O lover
old dear, O old dear
old codger , O old codger 
angel, O angel
fat coinpurse, O fat coinpurse
pauper, O pauper
good sort, O good sort
wicked sort, O wicked sort
plump sort, O plump sort
skinny sort, O skinny sort
lovable sort, O lovable sort
pathetic sort, O pathetic sort
strange sort, O strange sort
nimble sort, O nimble sort
laggardly sort, O laggardly sort
invisible sort, O invisible sort
unfathomable sort, O unfathomable sort
giant sort, O giant sort
sinner, O sinner
thief, O thief
liar, O liar
dastard, O dastard
traitor, O traitor
pair, O pair
trio, O trio
noble, O noble
aristocrat, O aristocrat
hero, O hero
champion, O champion
god, O god
item, O item
necessary item, O necessary item
precious item, O precious item
something, O something
something incredible, O something incredible
treasure chest, O treasure chest
corpse, O corpse
coffin, O coffin
trap, O trap
armament, O armament
shield, O shield
bow, O bow
projectile weapon, O projectile weapon
armor, O armor
talisman, O talisman
skill, O skill
sorcery, O sorcery
incantation, O incantation
map, O map
material, O material
flower, O flower
grass, O grass
tree, O tree
fruit, O fruit
seed, O seed
mushroom, O mushroom
tear, O tear
crystal, O crystal
butterfly, O butterfly
dung, O dung
grace, O grace
door, O door
key, O key
ladder, O ladder
lever, O lever
lift, O lift
spiritspring, O spiritspring
sending gate, O sending gate
stone astrolabe, O stone astrolabe
Birdseye Telescope, O Birdseye Telescope
message, O message
bloodstain, O bloodstain
Erdtree, O Erdtree
Elden Ring, O Elden Ring
close-quarters battle, O close-quarters battle
ranged battle, O ranged battle
horseback battle, O horseback battle
luring out, O luring out
defeating one-by-one, O defeating one-by-one
taking on all at once, O taking on all at once
rushing in, O rushing in
stealth, O stealth
mimicry, O mimicry
confusion, O confusion
pursuit, O pursuit
fleeing, O fleeing
summoning, O summoning
circling around, O circling around
jumping off, O jumping off
dashing through, O dashing through
brief respite, O brief respite
attacking, O attacking
jump attack, O jump attack
running attack, O running attack
critical hit, O critical hit
two-handing, O two-handing
blocking, O blocking
parrying, O parrying
guard counter, O guard counter
throwing, O throwing
healing, O healing
running, O running
rolling, O rolling
backstepping, O backstepping
jumping, O jumping
crouching, O crouching
target lock, O target lock
item crafting, O item crafting
gesturing, O gesturing
morning, O morning
noon, O noon
evening, O evening
night, O night
clear sky, O clear sky
overcast, O overcast
rain, O rain
storm, O storm
mist, O mist
snow, O snow
patrolling, O patrolling
procession, O procession
crowd, O crowd
surprise attack, O surprise attack
ambush, O ambush
pincer attack, O pincer attack
beating to a pulp, O beating to a pulp
battle, O battle
reinforcements, O reinforcements
ritual, O ritual
explosion, O explosion
high spot, O high spot
defensible spot, O defensible spot
climbable spot, O climbable spot
crossable spot, O crossable spot
bright spot, O bright spot
dark spot, O dark spot
open area, O open area
cramped area, O cramped area
hiding place, O hiding place
sniping spot, O sniping spot
recon spot, O recon spot
safety, O safety
danger, O danger
gorgeous view, O gorgeous view
detour, O detour
hidden path, O hidden path
secret passage, O secret passage
shortcut, O shortcut
dead end, O dead end
looking away, O looking away
unnoticed, O unnoticed
out of stamina, O out of stamina
high road, O high road
checkpoint, O checkpoint
bridge, O bridge
castle, O castle
fort, O fort
city, O city
ruins, O ruins
church, O church
tower, O tower
camp site, O camp site
house, O house
cemetery, O cemetery
underground tomb, O underground tomb
tunnel, O tunnel
cave, O cave
evergaol, O evergaol
great tree, O great tree
cellar, O cellar
surface, O surface
underground, O underground
forest, O forest
river, O river
lake, O lake
bog, O bog
mountain, O mountain
valley, O valley
cliff, O cliff
waterside, O waterside
nest, O nest
hole, O hole
east, O east
west, O west
south, O south
north, O north
ahead, O ahead
behind, O behind
left, O left
right, O right
center, O center
up, O up
down, O down
edge, O edge
head, O head
stomach, O stomach
back, O back
arms, O arms
legs, O legs
rump, O rump
tail, O tail
core, O core
fingers, O fingers
physical, O physical
standard, O standard
striking, O striking
slashing, O slashing
piercing, O piercing
fire, O fire
lightning, O lightning
magic, O magic
holy, O holy
poison, O poison
toxic, O toxic
scarlet rot, O scarlet rot
blood loss, O blood loss
frost, O frost
sleep, O sleep
madness, O madness
death, O death
life, O life
Death, O Death
light, O light
dark, O dark
stars, O stars
Order, O Order
chaos, O chaos
joy, O joy
wrath, O wrath
suffering, O suffering
sadness, O sadness
comfort, O comfort
bliss, O bliss
misfortune, O misfortune
good fortune, O good fortune
bad luck, O bad luck
hope, O hope
despair, O despair
victory, O victory
defeat, O defeat
research, O research
faith, O faith
abundance, O abundance
rot, O rot
loyalty, O loyalty
injustice, O injustice
secret, O secret
opportunity, O opportunity
pickle, O pickle
clue, O clue
friendship, O friendship
love, O love
bravery, O bravery
vigor, O vigor
fortitude, O fortitude
confidence, O confidence
distracted, O distracted
unguarded, O unguarded
introspection, O introspection
regret, O regret
resignation, O resignation
futility, O futility
on the brink, O on the brink
betrayal, O betrayal
revenge, O revenge
destruction, O destruction
recklessness, O recklessness
calmness, O calmness
vigilance, O vigilance
tranquility, O tranquility
sound, O sound
tears, O tears
depths, O depths
dregs, O dregs
fear, O fear
sacrifice, O sacrifice
ruin, O ruin
good luck, O good luck
look carefully, O look carefully
listen carefully, O listen carefully
think carefully, O think carefully
well done, O well done
I did it!, O I did it!
I've failed..., O I've failed...
here!, O here!
not here!, O not here!
don't you dare!, O don't you dare!
do it!, O do it!
I can't take this..., O I can't take this...
don't think, O don't think
so lonely..., O so lonely...
here again..., O here again...
just getting started, O just getting started
stay calm, O stay calm
keep moving, O keep moving
turn back, O turn back
give up, O give up
don't give up, O don't give up
help me..., O help me...
I don't believe it..., O I don't believe it...
too high up, O too high up
I want to go home..., O I want to go home...
it's like a dream..., O it's like a dream...
seems familiar..., O seems familiar...
beautiful..., O beautiful...
you don't have the right, O you don't have the right
are you ready?, O are you ready?
Behold, enemy!
Behold, weak foe!
Behold, strong foe!
Behold, monster!
Behold, dragon!
Behold, boss!
Behold, sentry!
Behold, group!
Behold, pack!
Behold, decoy!
Behold, undead!
Behold, soldier!
Behold, knight!
Behold, cavalier!
Behold, archer!
Behold, sniper!
Behold, mage!
Behold, ordnance!
Behold, monarch!
Behold, lord!
Behold, demi-human!
Behold, outsider!
Behold, giant!
Behold, horse!
Behold, dog!
Behold, wolf!
Behold, rat!
Behold, beast!
Behold, bird!
Behold, raptor!
Behold, snake!
Behold, crab!
Behold, prawn!
Behold, octopus!
Behold, bug!
Behold, scarab!
Behold, slug!
Behold, wraith!
Behold, skeleton!
Behold, monstrosity!
Behold, ill-omened creature!
Behold, Tarnished!
Behold, warrior!
Behold, swordfighter!
Behold, samurai!
Behold, sorcerer!
Behold, cleric!
Behold, sage!
Behold, merchant!
Behold, teacher!
Behold, master!
Behold, friend!
Behold, lover!
Behold, old dear!
Behold, old codger !
Behold, angel!
Behold, fat coinpurse!
Behold, pauper!
Behold, good sort!
Behold, wicked sort!
Behold, plump sort!
Behold, skinny sort!
Behold, lovable sort!
Behold, pathetic sort!
Behold, strange sort!
Behold, nimble sort!
Behold, laggardly sort!
Behold, invisible sort!
Behold, unfathomable sort!
Behold, giant sort!
Behold, sinner!
Behold, thief!
Behold, liar!
Behold, dastard!
Behold, traitor!
Behold, pair!
Behold, trio!
Behold, noble!
Behold, aristocrat!
Behold, hero!
Behold, champion!
Behold, god!
Behold, item!
Behold, necessary item!
Behold, precious item!
Behold, something!
Behold, something incredible!
Behold, treasure chest!
Behold, corpse!
Behold, coffin!
Behold, trap!
Behold, armament!
Behold, shield!
Behold, bow!
Behold, projectile weapon!
Behold, armor!
Behold, talisman!
Behold, skill!
Behold, sorcery!
Behold, incantation!
Behold, map!
Behold, material!
Behold, flower!
Behold, grass!
Behold, tree!
Behold, fruit!
Behold, seed!
Behold, mushroom!
Behold, tear!
Behold, crystal!
Behold, butterfly!
Behold, dung!
Behold, grace!
Behold, door!
Behold, key!
Behold, ladder!
Behold, lever!
Behold, lift!
Behold, spiritspring!
Behold, sending gate!
Behold, stone astrolabe!
Behold, Birdseye Telescope!
Behold, message!
Behold, bloodstain!
Behold, Erdtree!
Behold, Elden Ring!
Behold, close-quarters battle!
Behold, ranged battle!
Behold, horseback battle!
Behold, luring out!
Behold, defeating one-by-one!
Behold, taking on all at once!
Behold, rushing in!
Behold, stealth!
Behold, mimicry!
Behold, confusion!
Behold, pursuit!
Behold, fleeing!
Behold, summoning!
Behold, circling around!
Behold, jumping off!
Behold, dashing through!
Behold, brief respite!
Behold, attacking!
Behold, jump attack!
Behold, running attack!
Behold, critical hit!
Behold, two-handing!
Behold, blocking!
Behold, parrying!
Behold, guard counter!
Behold, throwing!
Behold, healing!
Behold, running!
Behold, rolling!
Behold, backstepping!
Behold, jumping!
Behold, crouching!
Behold, target lock!
Behold, item crafting!
Behold, gesturing!
Behold, morning!
Behold, noon!
Behold, evening!
Behold, night!
Behold, clear sky!
Behold, overcast!
Behold, rain!
Behold, storm!
Behold, mist!
Behold, snow!
Behold, patrolling!
Behold, procession!
Behold, crowd!
Behold, surprise attack!
Behold, ambush!
Behold, pincer attack!
Behold, beating to a pulp!
Behold, battle!
Behold, reinforcements!
Behold, ritual!
Behold, explosion!
Behold, high spot!
Behold, defensible spot!
Behold, climbable spot!
Behold, crossable spot!
Behold, bright spot!
Behold, dark spot!
Behold, open area!
Behold, cramped area!
Behold, hiding place!
Behold, sniping spot!
Behold, recon spot!
Behold, safety!
Behold, danger!
Behold, gorgeous view!
Behold, detour!
Behold, hidden path!
Behold, secret passage!
Behold, shortcut!
Behold, dead end!
Behold, looking away!
Behold, unnoticed!
Behold, out of stamina!
Behold, high road!
Behold, checkpoint!
Behold, bridge!
Behold, castle!
Behold, fort!
Behold, city!
Behold, ruins!
Behold, church!
Behold, tower!
Behold, camp site!
Behold, house!
Behold, cemetery!
Behold, underground tomb!
Behold, tunnel!
Behold, cave!
Behold, evergaol!
Behold, great tree!
Behold, cellar!
Behold, surface!
Behold, underground!
Behold, forest!
Behold, river!
Behold, lake!
Behold, bog!
Behold, mountain!
Behold, valley!
Behold, cliff!
Behold, waterside!
Behold, nest!
Behold, hole!
Behold, east!
Behold, west!
Behold, south!
Behold, north!
Behold, ahead!
Behold, behind!
Behold, left!
Behold, right!
Behold, center!
Behold, up!
Behold, down!
Behold, edge!
Behold, head!
Behold, stomach!
Behold, back!
Behold, arms!
Behold, legs!
Behold, rump!
Behold, tail!
Behold, core!
Behold, fingers!
Behold, physical!
Behold, standard!
Behold, striking!
Behold, slashing!
Behold, piercing!
Behold, fire!
Behold, lightning!
Behold, magic!
Behold, holy!
Behold, poison!
Behold, toxic!
Behold, scarlet rot!
Behold, blood loss!
Behold, frost!
Behold, sleep!
Behold, madness!
Behold, death!
Behold, life!
Behold, Death!
Behold, light!
Behold, dark!
Behold, stars!
Behold, Order!
Behold, chaos!
Behold, joy!
Behold, wrath!
Behold, suffering!
Behold, sadness!
Behold, comfort!
Behold, bliss!
Behold, misfortune!
Behold, good fortune!
Behold, bad luck!
Behold, hope!
Behold, despair!
Behold, victory!
Behold, defeat!
Behold, research!
Behold, faith!
Behold, abundance!
Behold, rot!
Behold, loyalty!
Behold, injustice!
Behold, secret!
Behold, opportunity!
Behold, pickle!
Behold, clue!
Behold, friendship!
Behold, love!
Behold, bravery!
Behold, vigor!
Behold, fortitude!
Behold, confidence!
Behold, distracted!
Behold, unguarded!
Behold, introspection!
Behold, regret!
Behold, resignation!
Behold, futility!
Behold, on the brink!
Behold, betrayal!
Behold, revenge!
Behold, destruction!
Behold, recklessness!
Behold, calmness!
Behold, vigilance!
Behold, tranquility!
Behold, sound!
Behold, tears!
Behold, depths!
Behold, dregs!
Behold, fear!
Behold, sacrifice!
Behold, ruin!
Behold, good luck!
Behold, look carefully!
Behold, listen carefully!
Behold, think carefully!
Behold, well done!
Behold, I did it!!
Behold, I've failed...!
Behold, here!!
Behold, not here!!
Behold, don't you dare!!
Behold, do it!!
Behold, I can't take this...!
Behold, don't think!
Behold, so lonely...!
Behold, here again...!
Behold, just getting started!
Behold, stay calm!
Behold, keep moving!
Behold, turn back!
Behold, give up!
Behold, don't give up!
Behold, help me...!
Behold, I don't believe it...!
Behold, too high up!
Behold, I want to go home...!
Behold, it's like a dream...!
Behold, seems familiar...!
Behold, beautiful...!
Behold, you don't have the right!
Behold, are you ready?!
Offer enemy
Offer weak foe
Offer strong foe
Offer monster
Offer dragon
Offer boss
Offer sentry
Offer group
Offer pack
Offer decoy
Offer undead
Offer soldier
Offer knight
Offer cavalier
Offer archer
Offer sniper
Offer mage
Offer ordnance
Offer monarch
Offer lord
Offer demi-human
Offer outsider
Offer giant
Offer horse
Offer dog
Offer wolf
Offer rat
Offer beast
Offer bird
Offer raptor
Offer snake
Offer crab
Offer prawn
Offer octopus
Offer bug
Offer scarab
Offer slug
Offer wraith
Offer skeleton
Offer monstrosity
Offer ill-omened creature
Offer Tarnished
Offer warrior
Offer swordfighter
Offer samurai
Offer sorcerer
Offer cleric
Offer sage
Offer merchant
Offer teacher
Offer master
Offer friend
Offer lover
Offer old dear
Offer old codger 
Offer angel
Offer fat coinpurse
Offer pauper
Offer good sort
Offer wicked sort
Offer plump sort
Offer skinny sort
Offer lovable sort
Offer pathetic sort
Offer strange sort
Offer nimble sort
Offer laggardly sort
Offer invisible sort
Offer unfathomable sort
Offer giant sort
Offer sinner
Offer thief
Offer liar
Offer dastard
Offer traitor
Offer pair
Offer trio
Offer noble
Offer aristocrat
Offer hero
Offer champion
Offer god
Offer item
Offer necessary item
Offer precious item
Offer something
Offer something incredible
Offer treasure chest
Offer corpse
Offer coffin
Offer trap
Offer armament
Offer shield
Offer bow
Offer projectile weapon
Offer armor
Offer talisman
Offer skill
Offer sorcery
Offer incantation
Offer map
Offer material
Offer flower
Offer grass
Offer tree
Offer fruit
Offer seed
Offer mushroom
Offer tear
Offer crystal
Offer butterfly
Offer dung
Offer grace
Offer door
Offer key
Offer ladder
Offer lever
Offer lift
Offer spiritspring
Offer sending gate
Offer stone astrolabe
Offer Birdseye Telescope
Offer message
Offer bloodstain
Offer Erdtree
Offer Elden Ring
Offer close-quarters battle
Offer ranged battle
Offer horseback battle
Offer luring out
Offer defeating one-by-one
Offer taking on all at once
Offer rushing in
Offer stealth
Offer mimicry
Offer confusion
Offer pursuit
Offer fleeing
Offer summoning
Offer circling around
Offer jumping off
Offer dashing through
Offer brief respite
Offer attacking
Offer jump attack
Offer running attack
Offer critical hit
Offer two-handing
Offer blocking
Offer parrying
Offer guard counter
Offer throwing
Offer healing
Offer running
Offer rolling
Offer backstepping
Offer jumping
Offer crouching
Offer target lock
Offer item crafting
Offer gesturing
Offer morning
Offer noon
Offer evening
Offer night
Offer clear sky
Offer overcast
Offer rain
Offer storm
Offer mist
Offer snow
Offer patrolling
Offer procession
Offer crowd
Offer surprise attack
Offer ambush
Offer pincer attack
Offer beating to a pulp
Offer battle
Offer reinforcements
Offer ritual
Offer explosion
Offer high spot
Offer defensible spot
Offer climbable spot
Offer crossable spot
Offer bright spot
Offer dark spot
Offer open area
Offer cramped area
Offer hiding place
Offer sniping spot
Offer recon spot
Offer safety
Offer danger
Offer gorgeous view
Offer detour
Offer hidden path
Offer secret passage
Offer shortcut
Offer dead end
Offer looking away
Offer unnoticed
Offer out of stamina
Offer high road
Offer checkpoint
Offer bridge
Offer castle
Offer fort
Offer city
Offer ruins
Offer church
Offer tower
Offer camp site
Offer house
Offer cemetery
Offer underground tomb
Offer tunnel
Offer cave
Offer evergaol
Offer great tree
Offer cellar
Offer surface
Offer underground
Offer forest
Offer river
Offer lake
Offer bog
Offer mountain
Offer valley
Offer cliff
Offer waterside
Offer nest
Offer hole
Offer east
Offer west
Offer south
Offer north
Offer ahead
Offer behind
Offer left
Offer right
Offer center
Offer up
Offer down
Offer edge
Offer head
Offer stomach
Offer back
Offer arms
Offer legs
Offer rump
Offer tail
Offer core
Offer fingers
Offer physical
Offer standard
Offer striking
Offer slashing
Offer piercing
Offer fire
Offer lightning
Offer magic
Offer holy
Offer poison
Offer toxic
Offer scarlet rot
Offer blood loss
Offer frost
Offer sleep
Offer madness
Offer death
Offer life
Offer Death
Offer light
Offer dark
Offer stars
Offer Order
Offer chaos
Offer joy
Offer wrath
Offer suffering
Offer sadness
Offer comfort
Offer bliss
Offer misfortune
Offer good fortune
Offer bad luck
Offer hope
Offer despair
Offer victory
Offer defeat
Offer research
Offer faith
Offer abundance
Offer rot
Offer loyalty
Offer injustice
Offer secret
Offer opportunity
Offer pickle
Offer clue
Offer friendship
Offer love
Offer bravery
Offer vigor
Offer fortitude
Offer confidence
Offer distracted
Offer unguarded
Offer introspection
Offer regret
Offer resignation
Offer futility
Offer on the brink
Offer betrayal
Offer revenge
Offer destruction
Offer recklessness
Offer calmness
Offer vigilance
Offer tranquility
Offer sound
Offer tears
Offer depths
Offer dregs
Offer fear
Offer sacrifice
Offer ruin
Offer good luck
Offer look carefully
Offer listen carefully
Offer think carefully
Offer well done
Offer I did it!
Offer I've failed...
Offer here!
Offer not here!
Offer don't you dare!
Offer do it!
Offer I can't take this...
Offer don't think
Offer so lonely...
Offer here again...
Offer just getting started
Offer stay calm
Offer keep moving
Offer turn back
Offer give up
Offer don't give up
Offer help me...
Offer I don't believe it...
Offer too high up
Offer I want to go home...
Offer it's like a dream...
Offer seems familiar...
Offer beautiful...
Offer you don't have the right
Offer are you ready?
Praise the enemy!
Praise the weak foe!
Praise the strong foe!
Praise the monster!
Praise the dragon!
Praise the boss!
Praise the sentry!
Praise the group!
Praise the pack!
Praise the decoy!
Praise the undead!
Praise the soldier!
Praise the knight!
Praise the cavalier!
Praise the archer!
Praise the sniper!
Praise the mage!
Praise the ordnance!
Praise the monarch!
Praise the lord!
Praise the demi-human!
Praise the outsider!
Praise the giant!
Praise the horse!
Praise the dog!
Praise the wolf!
Praise the rat!
Praise the beast!
Praise the bird!
Praise the raptor!
Praise the snake!
Praise the crab!
Praise the prawn!
Praise the octopus!
Praise the bug!
Praise the scarab!
Praise the slug!
Praise the wraith!
Praise the skeleton!
Praise the monstrosity!
Praise the ill-omened creature!
Praise the Tarnished!
Praise the warrior!
Praise the swordfighter!
Praise the samurai!
Praise the sorcerer!
Praise the cleric!
Praise the sage!
Praise the merchant!
Praise the teacher!
Praise the master!
Praise the friend!
Praise the lover!
Praise the old dear!
Praise the old codger !
Praise the angel!
Praise the fat coinpurse!
Praise the pauper!
Praise the good sort!
Praise the wicked sort!
Praise the plump sort!
Praise the skinny sort!
Praise the lovable sort!
Praise the pathetic sort!
Praise the strange sort!
Praise the nimble sort!
Praise the laggardly sort!
Praise the invisible sort!
Praise the unfathomable sort!
Praise the giant sort!
Praise the sinner!
Praise the thief!
Praise the liar!
Praise the dastard!
Praise the traitor!
Praise the pair!
Praise the trio!
Praise the noble!
Praise the aristocrat!
Praise the hero!
Praise the champion!
Praise the god!
Praise the item!
Praise the necessary item!
Praise the precious item!
Praise the something!
Praise the something incredible!
Praise the treasure chest!
Praise the corpse!
Praise the coffin!
Praise the trap!
Praise the armament!
Praise the shield!
Praise the bow!
Praise the projectile weapon!
Praise the armor!
Praise the talisman!
Praise the skill!
Praise the sorcery!
Praise the incantation!
Praise the map!
Praise the material!
Praise the flower!
Praise the grass!
Praise the tree!
Praise the fruit!
Praise the seed!
Praise the mushroom!
Praise the tear!
Praise the crystal!
Praise the butterfly!
Praise the dung!
Praise the grace!
Praise the door!
Praise the key!
Praise the ladder!
Praise the lever!
Praise the lift!
Praise the spiritspring!
Praise the sending gate!
Praise the stone astrolabe!
Praise the Birdseye Telescope!
Praise the message!
Praise the bloodstain!
Praise the Erdtree!
Praise the Elden Ring!
Praise the close-quarters battle!
Praise the ranged battle!
Praise the horseback battle!
Praise the luring out!
Praise the defeating one-by-one!
Praise the taking on all at once!
Praise the rushing in!
Praise the stealth!
Praise the mimicry!
Praise the confusion!
Praise the pursuit!
Praise the fleeing!
Praise the summoning!
Praise the circling around!
Praise the jumping off!
Praise the dashing through!
Praise the brief respite!
Praise the attacking!
Praise the jump attack!
Praise the running attack!
Praise the critical hit!
Praise the two-handing!
Praise the blocking!
Praise the parrying!
Praise the guard counter!
Praise the throwing!
Praise the healing!
Praise the running!
Praise the rolling!
Praise the backstepping!
Praise the jumping!
Praise the crouching!
Praise the target lock!
Praise the item crafting!
Praise the gesturing!
Praise the morning!
Praise the noon!
Praise the evening!
Praise the night!
Praise the clear sky!
Praise the overcast!
Praise the rain!
Praise the storm!
Praise the mist!
Praise the snow!
Praise the patrolling!
Praise the procession!
Praise the crowd!
Praise the surprise attack!
Praise the ambush!
Praise the pincer attack!
Praise the beating to a pulp!
Praise the battle!
Praise the reinforcements!
Praise the ritual!
Praise the explosion!
Praise the high spot!
Praise the defensible spot!
Praise the climbable spot!
Praise the crossable spot!
Praise the bright spot!
Praise the dark spot!
Praise the open area!
Praise the cramped area!
Praise the hiding place!
Praise the sniping spot!
Praise the recon spot!
Praise the safety!
Praise the danger!
Praise the gorgeous view!
Praise the detour!
Praise the hidden path!
Praise the secret passage!
Praise the shortcut!
Praise the dead end!
Praise the looking away!
Praise the unnoticed!
Praise the out of stamina!
Praise the high road!
Praise the checkpoint!
Praise the bridge!
Praise the castle!
Praise the fort!
Praise the city!
Praise the ruins!
Praise the church!
Praise the tower!
Praise the camp site!
Praise the house!
Praise the cemetery!
Praise the underground tomb!
Praise the tunnel!
Praise the cave!
Praise the evergaol!
Praise the great tree!
Praise the cellar!
Praise the surface!
Praise the underground!
Praise the forest!
Praise the river!
Praise the lake!
Praise the bog!
Praise the mountain!
Praise the valley!
Praise the cliff!
Praise the waterside!
Praise the nest!
Praise the hole!
Praise the east!
Praise the west!
Praise the south!
Praise the north!
Praise the ahead!
Praise the behind!
Praise the left!
Praise the right!
Praise the center!
Praise the up!
Praise the down!
Praise the edge!
Praise the head!
Praise the stomach!
Praise the back!
Praise the arms!
Praise the legs!
Praise the rump!
Praise the tail!
Praise the core!
Praise the fingers!
Praise the physical!
Praise the standard!
Praise the striking!
Praise the slashing!
Praise the piercing!
Praise the fire!
Praise the lightning!
Praise the magic!
Praise the holy!
Praise the poison!
Praise the toxic!
Praise the scarlet rot!
Praise the blood loss!
Praise the frost!
Praise the sleep!
Praise the madness!
Praise the death!
Praise the life!
Praise the Death!
Praise the light!
Praise the dark!
Praise the stars!
Praise the Order!
Praise the chaos!
Praise the joy!
Praise the wrath!
Praise the suffering!
Praise the sadness!
Praise the comfort!
Praise the bliss!
Praise the misfortune!
Praise the good fortune!
Praise the bad luck!
Praise the hope!
Praise the despair!
Praise the victory!
Praise the defeat!
Praise the research!
Praise the faith!
Praise the abundance!
Praise the rot!
Praise the loyalty!
Praise the injustice!
Praise the secret!
Praise the opportunity!
Praise the pickle!
Praise the clue!
Praise the friendship!
Praise the love!
Praise the bravery!
Praise the vigor!
Praise the fortitude!
Praise the confidence!
Praise the distracted!
Praise the unguarded!
Praise the introspection!
Praise the regret!
Praise the resignation!
Praise the futility!
Praise the on the brink!
Praise the betrayal!
Praise the revenge!
Praise the destruction!
Praise the recklessness!
Praise the calmness!
Praise the vigilance!
Praise the tranquility!
Praise the sound!
Praise the tears!
Praise the depths!
Praise the dregs!
Praise the fear!
Praise the sacrifice!
Praise the ruin!
Praise the good luck!
Praise the look carefully!
Praise the listen carefully!
Praise the think carefully!
Praise the well done!
Praise the I did it!!
Praise the I've failed...!
Praise the here!!
Praise the not here!!
Praise the don't you dare!!
Praise the do it!!
Praise the I can't take this...!
Praise the don't think!
Praise the so lonely...!
Praise the here again...!
Praise the just getting started!
Praise the stay calm!
Praise the keep moving!
Praise the turn back!
Praise the give up!
Praise the don't give up!
Praise the help me...!
Praise the I don't believe it...!
Praise the too high up!
Praise the I want to go home...!
Praise the it's like a dream...!
Praise the seems familiar...!
Praise the beautiful...!
Praise the you don't have the right!
Praise the are you ready?!
Let there be enemy
Let there be weak foe
Let there be strong foe
Let there be monster
Let there be dragon
Let there be boss
Let there be sentry
Let there be group
Let there be pack
Let there be decoy
Let there be undead
Let there be soldier
Let there be knight
Let there be cavalier
Let there be archer
Let there be sniper
Let there be mage
Let there be ordnance
Let there be monarch
Let there be lord
Let there be demi-human
Let there be outsider
Let there be giant
Let there be horse
Let there be dog
Let there be wolf
Let there be rat
Let there be beast
Let there be bird
Let there be raptor
Let there be snake
Let there be crab
Let there be prawn
Let there be octopus
Let there be bug
Let there be scarab
Let there be slug
Let there be wraith
Let there be skeleton
Let there be monstrosity
Let there be ill-omened creature
Let there be Tarnished
Let there be warrior
Let there be swordfighter
Let there be samurai
Let there be sorcerer
Let there be cleric
Let there be sage
Let there be merchant
Let there be teacher
Let there be master
Let there be friend
Let there be lover
Let there be old dear
Let there be old codger 
Let there be angel
Let there be fat coinpurse
Let there be pauper
Let there be good sort
Let there be wicked sort
Let there be plump sort
Let there be skinny sort
Let there be lovable sort
Let there be pathetic sort
Let there be strange sort
Let there be nimble sort
Let there be laggardly sort
Let there be invisible sort
Let there be unfathomable sort
Let there be giant sort
Let there be sinner
Let there be thief
Let there be liar
Let there be dastard
Let there be traitor
Let there be pair
Let there be trio
Let there be noble
Let there be aristocrat
Let there be hero
Let there be champion
Let there be god
Let there be item
Let there be necessary item
Let there be precious item
Let there be something
Let there be something incredible
Let there be treasure chest
Let there be corpse
Let there be coffin
Let there be trap
Let there be armament
Let there be shield
Let there be bow
Let there be projectile weapon
Let there be armor
Let there be talisman
Let there be skill
Let there be sorcery
Let there be incantation
Let there be map
Let there be material
Let there be flower
Let there be grass
Let there be tree
Let there be fruit
Let there be seed
Let there be mushroom
Let there be tear
Let there be crystal
Let there be butterfly
Let there be dung
Let there be grace
Let there be door
Let there be key
Let there be ladder
Let there be lever
Let there be lift
Let there be spiritspring
Let there be sending gate
Let there be stone astrolabe
Let there be Birdseye Telescope
Let there be message
Let there be bloodstain
Let there be Erdtree
Let there be Elden Ring
Let there be close-quarters battle
Let there be ranged battle
Let there be horseback battle
Let there be luring out
Let there be defeating one-by-one
Let there be taking on all at once
Let there be rushing in
Let there be stealth
Let there be mimicry
Let there be confusion
Let there be pursuit
Let there be fleeing
Let there be summoning
Let there be circling around
Let there be jumping off
Let there be dashing through
Let there be brief respite
Let there be attacking
Let there be jump attack
Let there be running attack
Let there be critical hit
Let there be two-handing
Let there be blocking
Let there be parrying
Let there be guard counter
Let there be throwing
Let there be healing
Let there be running
Let there be rolling
Let there be backstepping
Let there be jumping
Let there be crouching
Let there be target lock
Let there be item crafting
Let there be gesturing
Let there be morning
Let there be noon
Let there be evening
Let there be night
Let there be clear sky
Let there be overcast
Let there be rain
Let there be storm
Let there be mist
Let there be snow
Let there be patrolling
Let there be procession
Let there be crowd
Let there be surprise attack
Let there be ambush
Let there be pincer attack
Let there be beating to a pulp
Let there be battle
Let there be reinforcements
Let there be ritual
Let there be explosion
Let there be high spot
Let there be defensible spot
Let there be climbable spot
Let there be crossable spot
Let there be bright spot
Let there be dark spot
Let there be open area
Let there be cramped area
Let there be hiding place
Let there be sniping spot
Let there be recon spot
Let there be safety
Let there be danger
Let there be gorgeous view
Let there be detour
Let there be hidden path
Let there be secret passage
Let there be shortcut
Let there be dead end
Let there be looking away
Let there be unnoticed
Let there be out of stamina
Let there be high road
Let there be checkpoint
Let there be bridge
Let there be castle
Let there be fort
Let there be city
Let there be ruins
Let there be church
Let there be tower
Let there be camp site
Let there be house
Let there be cemetery
Let there be underground tomb
Let there be tunnel
Let there be cave
Let there be evergaol
Let there be great tree
Let there be cellar
Let there be surface
Let there be underground
Let there be forest
Let there be river
Let there be lake
Let there be bog
Let there be mountain
Let there be valley
Let there be cliff
Let there be waterside
Let there be nest
Let there be hole
Let there be east
Let there be west
Let there be south
Let there be north
Let there be ahead
Let there be behind
Let there be left
Let there be right
Let there be center
Let there be up
Let there be down
Let there be edge
Let there be head
Let there be stomach
Let there be back
Let there be arms
Let there be legs
Let there be rump
Let there be tail
Let there be core
Let there be fingers
Let there be physical
Let there be standard
Let there be striking
Let there be slashing
Let there be piercing
Let there be fire
Let there be lightning
Let there be magic
Let there be holy
Let there be poison
Let there be toxic
Let there be scarlet rot
Let there be blood loss
Let there be frost
Let there be sleep
Let there be madness
Let there be death
Let there be life
Let there be Death
Let there be light
Let there be dark
Let there be stars
Let there be Order
Let there be chaos
Let there be joy
Let there be wrath
Let there be suffering
Let there be sadness
Let there be comfort
Let there be bliss
Let there be misfortune
Let there be good fortune
Let there be bad luck
Let there be hope
Let there be despair
Let there be victory
Let there be defeat
Let there be research
Let there be faith
Let there be abundance
Let there be rot
Let there be loyalty
Let there be injustice
Let there be secret
Let there be opportunity
Let there be pickle
Let there be clue
Let there be friendship
Let there be love
Let there be bravery
Let there be vigor
Let there be fortitude
Let there be confidence
Let there be distracted
Let there be unguarded
Let there be introspection
Let there be regret
Let there be resignation
Let there be futility
Let there be on the brink
Let there be betrayal
Let there be revenge
Let there be destruction
Let there be recklessness
Let there be calmness
Let there be vigilance
Let there be tranquility
Let there be sound
Let there be tears
Let there be depths
Let there be dregs
Let there be fear
Let there be sacrifice
Let there be ruin
Let there be good luck
Let there be look carefully
Let there be listen carefully
Let there be think carefully
Let there be well done
Let there be I did it!
Let there be I've failed...
Let there be here!
Let there be not here!
Let there be don't you dare!
Let there be do it!
Let there be I can't take this...
Let there be don't think
Let there be so lonely...
Let there be here again...
Let there be just getting started
Let there be stay calm
Let there be keep moving
Let there be turn back
Let there be give up
Let there be don't give up
Let there be help me...
Let there be I don't believe it...
Let there be too high up
Let there be I want to go home...
Let there be it's like a dream...
Let there be seems familiar...
Let there be beautiful...
Let there be you don't have the right
Let there be are you ready?
Ahh, enemy...
Ahh, weak foe...
Ahh, strong foe...
Ahh, monster...
Ahh, dragon...
Ahh, boss...
Ahh, sentry...
Ahh, group...
Ahh, pack...
Ahh, decoy...
Ahh, undead...
Ahh, soldier...
Ahh, knight...
Ahh, cavalier...
Ahh, archer...
Ahh, sniper...
Ahh, mage...
Ahh, ordnance...
Ahh, monarch...
Ahh, lord...
Ahh, demi-human...
Ahh, outsider...
Ahh, giant...
Ahh, horse...
Ahh, dog...
Ahh, wolf...
Ahh, rat...
Ahh, beast...
Ahh, bird...
Ahh, raptor...
Ahh, snake...
Ahh, crab...
Ahh, prawn...
Ahh, octopus...
Ahh, bug...
Ahh, scarab...
Ahh, slug...
Ahh, wraith...
Ahh, skeleton...
Ahh, monstrosity...
Ahh, ill-omened creature...
Ahh, Tarnished...
Ahh, warrior...
Ahh, swordfighter...
Ahh, samurai...
Ahh, sorcerer...
Ahh, cleric...
Ahh, sage...
Ahh, merchant...
Ahh, teacher...
Ahh, master...
Ahh, friend...
Ahh, lover...
Ahh, old dear...
Ahh, old codger ...
Ahh, angel...
Ahh, fat coinpurse...
Ahh, pauper...
Ahh, good sort...
Ahh, wicked sort...
Ahh, plump sort...
Ahh, skinny sort...
Ahh, lovable sort...
Ahh, pathetic sort...
Ahh, strange sort...
Ahh, nimble sort...
Ahh, laggardly sort...
Ahh, invisible sort...
Ahh, unfathomable sort...
Ahh, giant sort...
Ahh, sinner...
Ahh, thief...
Ahh, liar...
Ahh, dastard...
Ahh, traitor...
Ahh, pair...
Ahh, trio...
Ahh, noble...
Ahh, aristocrat...
Ahh, hero...
Ahh, champion...
Ahh, god...
Ahh, item...
Ahh, necessary item...
Ahh, precious item...
Ahh, something...
Ahh, something incredible...
Ahh, treasure chest...
Ahh, corpse...
Ahh, coffin...
Ahh, trap...
Ahh, armament...
Ahh, shield...
Ahh, bow...
Ahh, projectile weapon...
Ahh, armor...
Ahh, talisman...
Ahh, skill...
Ahh, sorcery...
Ahh, incantation...
Ahh, map...
Ahh, material...
Ahh, flower...
Ahh, grass...
Ahh, tree...
Ahh, fruit...
Ahh, seed...
Ahh, mushroom...
Ahh, tear...
Ahh, crystal...
Ahh, butterfly...
Ahh, dung...
Ahh, grace...
Ahh, door...
Ahh, key...
Ahh, ladder...
Ahh, lever...
Ahh, lift...
Ahh, spiritspring...
Ahh, sending gate...
Ahh, stone astrolabe...
Ahh, Birdseye Telescope...
Ahh, message...
Ahh, bloodstain...
Ahh, Erdtree...
Ahh, Elden Ring...
Ahh, close-quarters battle...
Ahh, ranged battle...
Ahh, horseback battle...
Ahh, luring out...
Ahh, defeating one-by-one...
Ahh, taking on all at once...
Ahh, rushing in...
Ahh, stealth...
Ahh, mimicry...
Ahh, confusion...
Ahh, pursuit...
Ahh, fleeing...
Ahh, summoning...
Ahh, circling around...
Ahh, jumping off...
Ahh, dashing through...
Ahh, brief respite...
Ahh, attacking...
Ahh, jump attack...
Ahh, running attack...
Ahh, critical hit...
Ahh, two-handing...
Ahh, blocking...
Ahh, parrying...
Ahh, guard counter...
Ahh, throwing...
Ahh, healing...
Ahh, running...
Ahh, rolling...
Ahh, backstepping...
Ahh, jumping...
Ahh, crouching...
Ahh, target lock...
Ahh, item crafting...
Ahh, gesturing...
Ahh, morning...
Ahh, noon...
Ahh, evening...
Ahh, night...
Ahh, clear sky...
Ahh, overcast...
Ahh, rain...
Ahh, storm...
Ahh, mist...
Ahh, snow...
Ahh, patrolling...
Ahh, procession...
Ahh, crowd...
Ahh, surprise attack...
Ahh, ambush...
Ahh, pincer attack...
Ahh, beating to a pulp...
Ahh, battle...
Ahh, reinforcements...
Ahh, ritual...
Ahh, explosion...
Ahh, high spot...
Ahh, defensible spot...
Ahh, climbable spot...
Ahh, crossable spot...
Ahh, bright spot...
Ahh, dark spot...
Ahh, open area...
Ahh, cramped area...
Ahh, hiding place...
Ahh, sniping spot...
Ahh, recon spot...
Ahh, safety...
Ahh, danger...
Ahh, gorgeous view...
Ahh, detour...
Ahh, hidden path...
Ahh, secret passage...
Ahh, shortcut...
Ahh, dead end...
Ahh, looking away...
Ahh, unnoticed...
Ahh, out of stamina...
Ahh, high road...
Ahh, checkpoint...
Ahh, bridge...
Ahh, castle...
Ahh, fort...
Ahh, city...
Ahh, ruins...
Ahh, church...
Ahh, tower...
Ahh, camp site...
Ahh, house...
Ahh, cemetery...
Ahh, underground tomb...
Ahh, tunnel...
Ahh, cave...
Ahh, evergaol...
Ahh, great tree...
Ahh, cellar...
Ahh, surface...
Ahh, underground...
Ahh, forest...
Ahh, river...
Ahh, lake...
Ahh, bog...
Ahh, mountain...
Ahh, valley...
Ahh, cliff...
Ahh, waterside...
Ahh, nest...
Ahh, hole...
Ahh, east...
Ahh, west...
Ahh, south...
Ahh, north...
Ahh, ahead...
Ahh, behind...
Ahh, left...
Ahh, right...
Ahh, center...
Ahh, up...
Ahh, down...
Ahh, edge...
Ahh, head...
Ahh, stomach...
Ahh, back...
Ahh, arms...
Ahh, legs...
Ahh, rump...
Ahh, tail...
Ahh, core...
Ahh, fingers...
Ahh, physical...
Ahh, standard...
Ahh, striking...
Ahh, slashing...
Ahh, piercing...
Ahh, fire...
Ahh, lightning...
Ahh, magic...
Ahh, holy...
Ahh, poison...
Ahh, toxic...
Ahh, scarlet rot...
Ahh, blood loss...
Ahh, frost...
Ahh, sleep...
Ahh, madness...
Ahh, death...
Ahh, life...
Ahh, Death...
Ahh, light...
Ahh, dark...
Ahh, stars...
Ahh, Order...
Ahh, chaos...
Ahh, joy...
Ahh, wrath...
Ahh, suffering...
Ahh, sadness...
Ahh, comfort...
Ahh, bliss...
Ahh, misfortune...
Ahh, good fortune...
Ahh, bad luck...
Ahh, hope...
Ahh, despair...
Ahh, victory...
Ahh, defeat...
Ahh, research...
Ahh, faith...
Ahh, abundance...
Ahh, rot...
Ahh, loyalty...
Ahh, injustice...
Ahh, secret...
Ahh, opportunity...
Ahh, pickle...
Ahh, clue...
Ahh, friendship...
Ahh, love...
Ahh, bravery...
Ahh, vigor...
Ahh, fortitude...
Ahh, confidence...
Ahh, distracted...
Ahh, unguarded...
Ahh, introspection...
Ahh, regret...
Ahh, resignation...
Ahh, futility...
Ahh, on the brink...
Ahh, betrayal...
Ahh, revenge...
Ahh, destruction...
Ahh, recklessness...
Ahh, calmness...
Ahh, vigilance...
Ahh, tranquility...
Ahh, sound...
Ahh, tears...
Ahh, depths...
Ahh, dregs...
Ahh, fear...
Ahh, sacrifice...
Ahh, ruin...
Ahh, good luck...
Ahh, look carefully...
Ahh, listen carefully...
Ahh, think carefully...
Ahh, well done...
Ahh, I did it!...
Ahh, I've failed......
Ahh, here!...
Ahh, not here!...
Ahh, don't you dare!...
Ahh, do it!...
Ahh, I can't take this......
Ahh, don't think...
Ahh, so lonely......
Ahh, here again......
Ahh, just getting started...
Ahh, stay calm...
Ahh, keep moving...
Ahh, turn back...
Ahh, give up...
Ahh, don't give up...
Ahh, help me......
Ahh, I don't believe it......
Ahh, too high up...
Ahh, I want to go home......
Ahh, it's like a dream......
Ahh, seems familiar......
Ahh, beautiful......
Ahh, you don't have the right...
Ahh, are you ready?...
enemy!
weak foe!
strong foe!
monster!
dragon!
boss!
sentry!
group!
pack!
decoy!
undead!
soldier!
knight!
cavalier!
archer!
sniper!
mage!
ordnance!
monarch!
lord!
demi-human!
outsider!
giant!
horse!
dog!
wolf!
rat!
beast!
bird!
raptor!
snake!
crab!
prawn!
octopus!
bug!
scarab!
slug!
wraith!
skeleton!
monstrosity!
ill-omened creature!
Tarnished!
warrior!
swordfighter!
samurai!
sorcerer!
cleric!
sage!
merchant!
teacher!
master!
friend!
lover!
old dear!
old codger !
angel!
fat coinpurse!
pauper!
good sort!
wicked sort!
plump sort!
skinny sort!
lovable sort!
pathetic sort!
strange sort!
nimble sort!
laggardly sort!
invisible sort!
unfathomable sort!
giant sort!
sinner!
thief!
liar!
dastard!
traitor!
pair!
trio!
noble!
aristocrat!
hero!
champion!
god!
item!
necessary item!
precious item!
something!
something incredible!
treasure chest!
corpse!
coffin!
trap!
armament!
shield!
bow!
projectile weapon!
armor!
talisman!
skill!
sorcery!
incantation!
map!
material!
flower!
grass!
tree!
fruit!
seed!
mushroom!
tear!
crystal!
butterfly!
dung!
grace!
door!
key!
ladder!
lever!
lift!
spiritspring!
sending gate!
stone astrolabe!
Birdseye Telescope!
message!
bloodstain!
Erdtree!
Elden Ring!
close-quarters battle!
ranged battle!
horseback battle!
luring out!
defeating one-by-one!
taking on all at once!
rushing in!
stealth!
mimicry!
confusion!
pursuit!
fleeing!
summoning!
circling around!
jumping off!
dashing through!
brief respite!
attacking!
jump attack!
running attack!
critical hit!
two-handing!
blocking!
parrying!
guard counter!
throwing!
healing!
running!
rolling!
backstepping!
jumping!
crouching!
target lock!
item crafting!
gesturing!
morning!
noon!
evening!
night!
clear sky!
overcast!
rain!
storm!
mist!
snow!
patrolling!
procession!
crowd!
surprise attack!
ambush!
pincer attack!
beating to a pulp!
battle!
reinforcements!
ritual!
explosion!
high spot!
defensible spot!
climbable spot!
crossable spot!
bright spot!
dark spot!
open area!
cramped area!
hiding place!
sniping spot!
recon spot!
safety!
danger!
gorgeous view!
detour!
hidden path!
secret passage!
shortcut!
dead end!
looking away!
unnoticed!
out of stamina!
high road!
checkpoint!
bridge!
castle!
fort!
city!
ruins!
church!
tower!
camp site!
house!
cemetery!
underground tomb!
tunnel!
cave!
evergaol!
great tree!
cellar!
surface!
underground!
forest!
river!
lake!
bog!
mountain!
valley!
cliff!
waterside!
nest!
hole!
east!
west!
south!
north!
ahead!
behind!
left!
right!
center!
up!
down!
edge!
head!
stomach!
back!
arms!
legs!
rump!
tail!
core!
fingers!
physical!
standard!
striking!
slashing!
piercing!
fire!
lightning!
magic!
holy!
poison!
toxic!
scarlet rot!
blood loss!
frost!
sleep!
madness!
death!
life!
Death!
light!
dark!
stars!
Order!
chaos!
joy!
wrath!
suffering!
sadness!
comfort!
bliss!
misfortune!
good fortune!
bad luck!
hope!
despair!
victory!
defeat!
research!
faith!
abundance!
rot!
loyalty!
injustice!
secret!
opportunity!
pickle!
clue!
friendship!
love!
bravery!
vigor!
fortitude!
confidence!
distracted!
unguarded!
introspection!
regret!
resignation!
futility!
on the brink!
betrayal!
revenge!
destruction!
recklessness!
calmness!
vigilance!
tranquility!
sound!
tears!
depths!
dregs!
fear!
sacrifice!
ruin!
good luck!
look carefully!
listen carefully!
think carefully!
well done!
I did it!!
I've failed...!
here!!
not here!!
don't you dare!!
do it!!
I can't take this...!
don't think!
so lonely...!
here again...!
just getting started!
stay calm!
keep moving!
turn back!
give up!
don't give up!
help me...!
I don't believe it...!
too high up!
I want to go home...!
it's like a dream...!
seems familiar...!
beautiful...!
you don't have the right!
are you ready?!
enemy?
weak foe?
strong foe?
monster?
dragon?
boss?
sentry?
group?
pack?
decoy?
undead?
soldier?
knight?
cavalier?
archer?
sniper?
mage?
ordnance?
monarch?
lord?
demi-human?
outsider?
giant?
horse?
dog?
wolf?
rat?
beast?
bird?
raptor?
snake?
crab?
prawn?
octopus?
bug?
scarab?
slug?
wraith?
skeleton?
monstrosity?
ill-omened creature?
Tarnished?
warrior?
swordfighter?
samurai?
sorcerer?
cleric?
sage?
merchant?
teacher?
master?
friend?
lover?
old dear?
old codger ?
angel?
fat coinpurse?
pauper?
good sort?
wicked sort?
plump sort?
skinny sort?
lovable sort?
pathetic sort?
strange sort?
nimble sort?
laggardly sort?
invisible sort?
unfathomable sort?
giant sort?
sinner?
thief?
liar?
dastard?
traitor?
pair?
trio?
noble?
aristocrat?
hero?
champion?
god?
item?
necessary item?
precious item?
something?
something incredible?
treasure chest?
corpse?
coffin?
trap?
armament?
shield?
bow?
projectile weapon?
armor?
talisman?
skill?
sorcery?
incantation?
map?
material?
flower?
grass?
tree?
fruit?
seed?
mushroom?
tear?
crystal?
butterfly?
dung?
grace?
door?
key?
ladder?
lever?
lift?
spiritspring?
sending gate?
stone astrolabe?
Birdseye Telescope?
message?
bloodstain?
Erdtree?
Elden Ring?
close-quarters battle?
ranged battle?
horseback battle?
luring out?
defeating one-by-one?
taking on all at once?
rushing in?
stealth?
mimicry?
confusion?
pursuit?
fleeing?
summoning?
circling around?
jumping off?
dashing through?
brief respite?
attacking?
jump attack?
running attack?
critical hit?
two-handing?
blocking?
parrying?
guard counter?
throwing?
healing?
running?
rolling?
backstepping?
jumping?
crouching?
target lock?
item crafting?
gesturing?
morning?
noon?
evening?
night?
clear sky?
overcast?
rain?
storm?
mist?
snow?
patrolling?
procession?
crowd?
surprise attack?
ambush?
pincer attack?
beating to a pulp?
battle?
reinforcements?
ritual?
explosion?
high spot?
defensible spot?
climbable spot?
crossable spot?
bright spot?
dark spot?
open area?
cramped area?
hiding place?
sniping spot?
recon spot?
safety?
danger?
gorgeous view?
detour?
hidden path?
secret passage?
shortcut?
dead end?
looking away?
unnoticed?
out of stamina?
high road?
checkpoint?
bridge?
castle?
fort?
city?
ruins?
church?
tower?
camp site?
house?
cemetery?
underground tomb?
tunnel?
cave?
evergaol?
great tree?
cellar?
surface?
underground?
forest?
river?
lake?
bog?
mountain?
valley?
cliff?
waterside?
nest?
hole?
east?
west?
south?
north?
ahead?
behind?
left?
right?
center?
up?
down?
edge?
head?
stomach?
back?
arms?
legs?
rump?
tail?
core?
fingers?
physical?
standard?
striking?
slashing?
piercing?
fire?
lightning?
magic?
holy?
poison?
toxic?
scarlet rot?
blood loss?
frost?
sleep?
madness?
death?
life?
Death?
light?
dark?
stars?
Order?
chaos?
joy?
wrath?
suffering?
sadness?
comfort?
bliss?
misfortune?
good fortune?
bad luck?
hope?
despair?
victory?
defeat?
research?
faith?
abundance?
rot?
loyalty?
injustice?
secret?
opportunity?
pickle?
clue?
friendship?
love?
bravery?
vigor?
fortitude?
confidence?
distracted?
unguarded?
introspection?
regret?
resignation?
futility?
on the brink?
betrayal?
revenge?
destruction?
recklessness?
calmness?
vigilance?
tranquility?
sound?
tears?
depths?
dregs?
fear?
sacrifice?
ruin?
good luck?
look carefully?
listen carefully?
think carefully?
well done?
I did it!?
I've failed...?
here!?
not here!?
don't you dare!?
do it!?
I can't take this...?
don't think?
so lonely...?
here again...?
just getting started?
stay calm?
keep moving?
turn back?
give up?
don't give up?
help me...?
I don't believe it...?
too high up?
I want to go home...?
it's like a dream...?
seems familiar...?
beautiful...?
you don't have the right?
are you ready??
enemy...
weak foe...
strong foe...
monster...
dragon...
boss...
sentry...
group...
pack...
decoy...
undead...
soldier...
knight...
cavalier...
archer...
sniper...
mage...
ordnance...
monarch...
lord...
demi-human...
outsider...
giant...
horse...
dog...
wolf...
rat...
beast...
bird...
raptor...
snake...
crab...
prawn...
octopus...
bug...
scarab...
slug...
wraith...
skeleton...
monstrosity...
ill-omened creature...
Tarnished...
warrior...
swordfighter...
samurai...
sorcerer...
cleric...
sage...
merchant...
teacher...
master...
friend...
lover...
old dear...
old codger ...
angel...
fat coinpurse...
pauper...
good sort...
wicked sort...
plump sort...
skinny sort...
lovable sort...
pathetic sort...
strange sort...
nimble sort...
laggardly sort...
invisible sort...
unfathomable sort...
giant sort...
sinner...
thief...
liar...
dastard...
traitor...
pair...
trio...
noble...
aristocrat...
hero...
champion...
god...
item...
necessary item...
precious item...
something...
something incredible...
treasure chest...
corpse...
coffin...
trap...
armament...
shield...
bow...
projectile weapon...
armor...
talisman...
skill...
sorcery...
incantation...
map...
material...
flower...
grass...
tree...
fruit...
seed...
mushroom...
tear...
crystal...
butterfly...
dung...
grace...
door...
key...
ladder...
lever...
lift...
spiritspring...
sending gate...
stone astrolabe...
Birdseye Telescope...
message...
bloodstain...
Erdtree...
Elden Ring...
close-quarters battle...
ranged battle...
horseback battle...
luring out...
defeating one-by-one...
taking on all at once...
rushing in...
stealth...
mimicry...
confusion...
pursuit...
fleeing...
summoning...
circling around...
jumping off...
dashing through...
brief respite...
attacking...
jump attack...
running attack...
critical hit...
two-handing...
blocking...
parrying...
guard counter...
throwing...
healing...
running...
rolling...
backstepping...
jumping...
crouching...
target lock...
item crafting...
gesturing...
morning...
noon...
evening...
night...
clear sky...
overcast...
rain...
storm...
mist...
snow...
patrolling...
procession...
crowd...
surprise attack...
ambush...
pincer attack...
beating to a pulp...
battle...
reinforcements...
ritual...
explosion...
high spot...
defensible spot...
climbable spot...
crossable spot...
bright spot...
dark spot...
open area...
cramped area...
hiding place...
sniping spot...
recon spot...
safety...
danger...
gorgeous view...
detour...
hidden path...
secret passage...
shortcut...
dead end...
looking away...
unnoticed...
out of stamina...
high road...
checkpoint...
bridge...
castle...
fort...
city...
ruins...
church...
tower...
camp site...
house...
cemetery...
underground tomb...
tunnel...
cave...
evergaol...
great tree...
cellar...
surface...
underground...
forest...
river...
lake...
bog...
mountain...
valley...
cliff...
waterside...
nest...
hole...
east...
west...
south...
north...
ahead...
behind...
left...
right...
center...
up...
down...
edge...
head...
stomach...
back...
arms...
legs...
rump...
tail...
core...
fingers...
physical...
standard...
striking...
slashing...
piercing...
fire...
lightning...
magic...
holy...
poison...
toxic...
scarlet rot...
blood loss...
frost...
sleep...
madness...
death...
life...
Death...
light...
dark...
stars...
Order...
chaos...
joy...
wrath...
suffering...
sadness...
comfort...
bliss...
misfortune...
good fortune...
bad luck...
hope...
despair...
victory...
defeat...
research...
faith...
abundance...
rot...
loyalty...
injustice...
secret...
opportunity...
pickle...
clue...
friendship...
love...
bravery...
vigor...
fortitude...
confidence...
distracted...
unguarded...
introspection...
regret...
resignation...
futility...
on the brink...
betrayal...
revenge...
destruction...
recklessness...
calmness...
vigilance...
tranquility...
sound...
tears...
depths...
dregs...
fear...
sacrifice...
ruin...
good luck...
look carefully...
listen carefully...
think carefully...
well done...
I did it!...
I've failed......
here!...
not here!...
don't you dare!...
do it!...
I can't take this......
don't think...
so lonely......
here again......
just getting started...
stay calm...
keep moving...
turn back...
give up...
don't give up...
help me......
I don't believe it......
too high up...
I want to go home......
it's like a dream......
seems familiar......
beautiful......
you don't have the right...
are you ready?...
EventTextForMap.fmg
Cannot proceed until game is fully installed
Locked by some contraption
Cannot open from this side
The door is shut tight
Return to entrance?
Somewhere, a heavy door has opened
Guide and gatekeeper for those returning to the roots
Travel to another location?
Summon signs can now be sent to summoning pools
Impenetrable thorns refuse all.
None may enter the Erdtree.
You cannot proceed without more Great Runes
You cannot use this without more Great Runes
Sealed by Morgott the Grace-Given
You cannot proceed without a ring of oath
You do not have the required medallion
You cannot proceed without a glintstone key
You cannot proceed without a sealbreaker
Something fits on this pedestal
Summon broken spirit?
You must solve the puzzle to enter
The seal on the rise opened
Enter evergaol?
Closed with an imp's seal
The imp's seal is in effect
The Beast Eye quivers
Ensnared in a transporter trap!
A seal was broken in town somewhere
Power gathers somewhere in horned remains
A seal was broken in town
Held shut by a seal
A seal was broken somewhere
Cannot be used now
Blocked shut for now
A new draconic power is available at the Cathedral of Dragon Communion
Seal can only be broken by a sealbreaker
Here lie Aurelia and Aureliette,
who never saw the stars
You found a simple map.
Check in inventory.
Seek three wise beasts
Endow the eyes of the mask in light
Seek three great wise beasts
Access to those outside of the 
royal family is strictly forbidden
Touch three phantom crests
Falling snow marks something unseen
Light the four figures in the evergaol
Godrick the Golden, humiliated
Having tasted defeat by the Blade of Miquella
Now on his knees, begging for mercy
Lord Godfrey, at last at the end of his campaign
His golden armies unvanquished and unbowed
Yet finds grace lost, tattered and faded
The siege of Castle Morne
A lone hero fights for his vengeance
Only to fall at the hand of Lord Godfrey
This marks Malenia's southward march
The Blade of Miquella and her Cleanrot Knights
Grant her wings never to be clipped
The Second Liurnian War
No victory for the golden, nor for the moon
No prize but atonement; the birth of a vow
The resting place of the contemptible Cuckoos
Lost in the siege of Caria Manor
The First Liurnian War
Radagon's glory burns red as his hair
The Routing of the Ancient Dragons
Godwyn the Golden fought to the last,
Earning the friendship of dread Fortissax
The First Defense of Leyndell
A sovereign alliance rots from within
Traces yet remain of bloody conspiracy
The Second Defense of Leyndell
The Fell Omen stacks high the corpses of heroes
Yet the Erdtree remains unshaken
The Assault on Volcano Manor
The squalid, the sick, the blasphemous;
a wretched, unending war with no glory
The Battle of Aeonia
Radahn and Malenia locked in stalemate
Then, the scarlet rot blooms
The Starscourge Conflict
Radahn alone holds Sellia secure
And stands tall, to shatter the stars
The War against the Giants
Champions battle, trolls betray
Fire vanquished, the era of the Erdtree begins
Redeemer Guilbert has invaded!
Redeemer Guilbert died
Redeemer Guilbert returned home
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura was summoned
With his objective accomplished, Bloody Finger Hunter Yura returned to his world
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura has died
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura returned to his world
Bloody Finger Nerijus returned to his world
Invaded by Tanith's Knight!
Tanith's Knight has died
Invade White Mask Varré's world?
Invade Old Knight Istvan's world?
Invade Rileigh the Idle's world?
Invade Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood's world?
Invade Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm's world?
Invade Great Horned Tragoth's world?
Be summoned to assist Yura, Hunter of Bloody Fingers?
Be summoned to assist Sorceress Sellen?
Be summoned to challenge Sorceress Sellen?
Be summoned to assist Millicent?
Be summoned to challenge Millicent?
Summoned Castellan Jerren
Castellan Jerren has died
Castellan Jerren returned to his world
Summoned Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Blaidd the Half-Wolf has died
Blaidd the Half-Wolf returned to his world
Summoned Alexander, Warrior Jar
Alexander, Warrior Jar has died
Alexander, Warrior Jar returned to his world
Summoned Great Horned Tragoth
Great Horned Tragoth has died
Great Horned Tragoth returned to his world
Summoned Okina
Okina has died
Okina returned to his world
Summoned Finger Maiden Therolina
Finger Maiden Therolina has died
Finger Maiden Therolina returned to her world
Summoned Lionel the Lionhearted
Lionel the Lionhearted has died
Lionel the Lionhearted returned to his world
Summoned Patches
Patches has died
Patches returned to his world
More awaits you, in the official release
Cannot use this now
Last site of grace visited
The amount of HP/FP your flasks replenish cannot be increased any further
Increased the amount of HP/FP replenished by your flasks
No Flask of Crimson Tears in inventory
No Flask of Cerulean Tears in inventory
Flask charges already at maximum
No Golden Seed in inventory
Added a charge to Flask of Crimson Tears
Add charge to flask
Flasks
Cancel
Increase amount replenished by flasks
Allocate flask charges
Memorize spell
Sort chest
Pass time
Until morning
Until noon
Until nightfall
Mix Wondrous Physick
Great Runes
Ashes of War
Level Up
Purchase
Sell
Leave
Begin Journey &lt;?nextLoopCount?&gt;
Listen to the sounds of flame
No Sacred Tear in inventory
Use a Sacred Tear to increase the amount of HP/FP replenished by your flasks?
Not enough Golden Seeds
Use one Golden Seed to increase your number of flask uses?
Use two Golden Seeds to increase your number of flask uses?
Use three Golden Seeds to increase your number of flask uses?
Use four Golden Seeds to increase your number of flask uses?
Use five Golden Seeds to increase your number of flask uses?
Cannot rest at sites of grace right now
Begin Journey &lt;?nextLoopCount?&gt;?
If you begin Journey &lt;?nextLoopCount?&gt;, you will not be able
to return to the present world of Journey &lt;?loopCount?&gt;.
Begin Journey &lt;?nextLoopCount?&gt;?
Talk to Melina
Tell her you're off to Roundtable Hold
Accept
Refuse
I'm interested
I'm not interested
I'll go, too
I'm ready
I'd like you to wait
Show your right hand
Show your left hand
Show hands
Receive power from remembrance
About Great Runes
About Queen Marika
How to burn thorns
I want to burn the impenetrable thorns
Talk to miniature Ranni
Talk to Ranni
I can call the spectral steed
I cannot call the spectral steed
You must be Ranni the Witch, behind the Night of the Black Knives
I wish to serve you
No particular reason
Serve Ranni the Witch
Do not serve
Administer Amber Draught?
Tell him that Radagon is Marika
Rebirth
Cosmetics
Use a Larval Tear to accept rebirth?
Since you weren't reborn with new attributes,
the Larval Tear was not spent
A Larval Tear is required for rebirth
Choose how many to hand over
Strengthen armament
Repair Weapon
About prayer
About Roderika
Let's talk a while
About the chains on your legs
You're a prisoner?
About the god-slaying weapon
Why are you still making weapons?
What happened to her?
About yourself
What's that little knife for?
Ash of War duplication
Would you watch over Roderika?
Nothing
It's what she wants
Understood
I still don't understand
Tell Sellen's story
Don't say anything
Tell Iji's story
Open the evergaol
Don't open it
Help him out
Don't help
Alter garments
Don't tell me...
I'm sorry...
Give the Gold Sewing Needle
Surely she'd be happy for you?
Have you ever thought so?
Give a Larval Tear
Please wait
What do you really think?
I heard a voice
The voice was mine
I have a favor to ask
You may call me lord
Did you see it?
Give the Sewing Needle
Don't give it
Don't call me that
That's right
Not at all
Strengthen armaments
Please take care
About Nokron
About Blaidd
About Jerren
Please go to the festival grounds
Why is Blaidd in the Evergaol?
Blaidd's death
About advice
Blaidd sent me
Cannot do this during multiplayer
I'll be your Potentate
I'm no Potentate
Give Alexander's Insides
Show the secret medallion
Don't show it
Hear her request
Hear her request after all
Join Volcano Manor
Don't join
See the Lord
Don't see the Lord
Zorayas's form
Zorayas's troubles
Zorayas's absence
I gave her the potion
Zorayas is dead
Give the Dancer's Castanets
Don't give them
I'll fly straight and true!
I don't need a seat
They didn't seem right
They were magnificent
Anoint me
I refuse
Two Fingers seemed off
No, I'll use the main gate
Very well
I want to use the main gate
Study sorcery
Obtain a puppet
About your chambers
I want a new puppet
About the scheme
Give Amber Starlight
About the draught
About your scheme
About Nepheli
About Amber Starlight
Hand over the scroll
Accept the task
Don't accept
Ask about Nokron
About the bandits
That chest...
What you spoke of before
Speaking of...
About the previous request
The request is done
About Patches
What is the reward?
Forgive and forget
Some things can't be forgiven
Deliver the letter
They're human eyes
Give a Shabriri Grape
Don't give a grape
Give a Fingerprint Grape
She's dead
Deliver Irina's Letter
Don't give the letter
I love a good festival
I'm not the festive type
About Iji
Ready as I'll ever be
Not yet
Hear the request
Take Rya's hand
Refuse Rya's hand
Tell her of the dark side of Volcano Manor
Don't tell her
Give Serpent's Amnion
Give Tonic of Forgetfulness
Give Rya's Necklace
You defended them
I'm afraid not
I need to speak with you later
About the request
Show letter of introduction
Show Azur's sorcery
Tell me your story
I'll help restore the primeval current
Lusat's location
About glintstone sorcery
About Lusat
Give a scroll
Give the Conspectus Scroll
Give the Royal House Scroll
Give Ranni's Scroll
Give Sellian Scroll
Give Gelmirian Scroll
Don't give a scroll
Lead on Lusat
Give the Academy Scroll
I want to learn sorcery
Never mind
I still want to learn
Let me reconsider
Let us journey together
Let me think about it
I still want to learn sorcery
I need a bit more time to think
You can now learn new sorcery
Study incantations
About D
About Rogier
Give the Weathered Dagger
Accept introduction
Show Deathroot
Give the Twinned Armor set
Hand over the Twinned Armor set?
A red mark was made on the map
Spirit Tuning
About Hewg
What's happened to Hewg
There's something you should know
About the spirits' voices
Please
Give Chrysalids' Memento
Tell her what the blacksmith said
Pledge service
Do not pledge service
Talk in secret
May I ask a favor?
About the dagger
Do you know...?
About the Black Knifeprint
Give Cursemark of Death
Let her hold you
No, I want to be held
Enter the Deathbed Dream
Don't enter
Enter the Deathbed Dream?
Leave your gaol!
Say nothing
Administer Seluvis's Potion
Use the Seedbed Curse
Nepheli's despair
About Ensha
About Godrick
About Radahn
About Rykard
About Morgott
About Rennala
Unlocated demigods
About the secret medallions
The secret medallions are reunited
Where should I go?
Using the secret medallions
About the Haligtree roots
Mohgwyn Palace
About the Lord of Blood's cocoon
Show him Seluvis's Potion
Give Gideon Seluvis's Potion
What do you mean, a house guest?
Hand over Seluvis's Potion
Don't hand it over
Learn skills
I've defeated Godrick
About the corpse under Stormveil
Give the Black Knifeprint
Ranni cast off her cursemark
Why do you want a cursemark?
Rogier's proposition
Ranni's whereabouts
I'm here to defeat Godrick
I can't tell you
Handed over the Black Knifeprint
My faith holds firm
I'm not sure
I understand
I don't understand
Show Celestial Dew
About the miracle
About absolution
About Radagon
Give a prayerbook
I don't know
You don't need absolution
No Celestial Dew in inventory
Use Celestial Dew to receive absolution?
Your sins are absolved
About Rya
You should probably know... 
About the Dung Eater
Give me the necklace
Deal
About the glintstone key
Give the Academy Glintstone Key
About Sellen
Don't give the scroll
Donate &lt;?evntAcquittalPrice?&gt; runes
Don't donate runes
Not enough runes to donate
Give Seluvis's Potion
Give the Stormhawk King
I heard from Gideon
Give an Unalloyed Gold Needle
Give the Valkyrie's Prosthesis
Millicent paid a visit
I gave Millicent the prosthesis
About Millicent
About Malenia
What Millicent said
Why are you crying?
Become a flower?
About the noble Goldmask
Tell the noble Goldmask's whereabouts
Give the Fire Monks' Prayerbook
Give the Giant's Prayerbook
Give the Godskin Prayerbook
Give the Two Fingers' Prayerbook
Give the Assassin's Prayerbook
Give the Erdtree Prayerbook
Give the Erdtree Codex
Give the Golden Order Principia
Give the Golden Order Canon
Give the Dragon Cult Prayerbook
Give the Ancient Dragon Prayerbook
Don't give a prayerbook
I see it
I don't see it
Offer a bell bearing
Bell Bearing Shop 1
Bell Bearing Shop 2
Bell Bearing Shop 3
Bell Bearing Shop 4
Sellen's Bell Bearing
Seluvis's Bell Bearing
Thops's Bell Bearing
Corhyn's Bell Bearing
Miriel's Bell Bearing (Sorcery)
D's Bell Bearing
Gowry's Bell Bearing
Rogier's Bell Bearing
Bernahl's Bell Bearing
Iji's Bell Bearing
Miriel's Bell Bearing (Incantations)
Gostoc's Bell Bearing
Pidia's Bell Bearing
Patches' Bell Bearing
Blackguard's Bell Bearing
Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Kalé's Bell Bearing
Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Abandoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Imprisoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Offer Pidia's Bell Bearing
Offer Seluvis's Bell Bearing
Offer Patches' Bell Bearing
Offer Sellen's Bell Bearing
Offer D's Bell Bearing
Offer Bernahl's Bell Bearing
Offer Miriel's Bell Bearing
Offer Gostoc's Bell Bearing
Offer Thops's Bell Bearing
Offer Kalé's Bell Bearing
Offer Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Abandoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Offer Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offer Imprisoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Offer Iji's Bell Bearing
Offer Rogier's Bell Bearing
Offer Blackguard's Bell Bearing
Offer Corhyn's Bell Bearing
Offer Gowry's Bell Bearing
Offer Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offer Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offer Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offer Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offer Smithing Miner's Bell Bearing 
Offer Somber Miner's Bell Bearing 
Offer Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing 
Offer Ghostform Picker's Bell Bearing 
No bell bearings offered
No bell bearing to offer
Offered Pidia's Bell Bearing
Offered Seluvis's Bell Bearing
Offered Patches' Bell Bearing
Offered Sellen's Bell Bearing
Offered Monk Jiko's Ashes
Offered D's Bell Bearing
Offered Bernahl's Bell Bearing
Offered Miriel's Bell Bearing
Offered Gostoc's Bell Bearing
Offered Thops's Bell Bearing
Offered Kalé's Bell Bearing
Offered Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Abandoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Offered Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing 
Offered Imprisoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Offered Iji's Bell Bearing
Offered Rogier's Bell Bearing
Offered Blackguard's Bell Bearing
Offered Corhyn's Bell Bearing
Offered Gowry's Bell Bearing
Offered Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offered Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offered Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offered Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Offered Smithing Miner's Bell Bearing 
Offered Somber Miner's Bell Bearing 
Offered Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing 
Offered Ghostform Picker's Bell Bearing 
Ritual of Dragon Communion
Affix gem
Mend the Elden Ring
Use Mending Rune of Perfect Order
Use Mending Rune of the Death-Prince
Use Mending Rune of the Fell Curse
Apply cosmetics
About Kalé
Recommendation
About the howling in Mistwood
Level up
Speak with Merina
You can now summon spirits at rebirth monuments
Your sins will be pardoned for &lt;?evntAcquittalPrice?&gt; runes
Request absolution?
Your sins have been pardoned
Insufficient runes
You are already absolved
Request absolution? (仮)
No item (仮)
GemEffect.fmg
GemInfo.fmg
Grants affinities and skills to an armament
Assign attack type and skill to weapon
GemName.fmg
test gem 1
Ash of War: Lion's Claw
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Lion's Claw: Skill of the Redmanes, who fought alongside General Radahn. Somersault forwards, striking foes with armament."
Usable on swords, axes, and hammers
(small armaments and thrusting swords excepted).
Ash of War: Impaling Thrust
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Impaling Thrust: Skill that lets piercing armaments overcome enemy shields. Build power, then lunge forward for a strong thrust that pierces an enemy's guard."
Usable on armaments capable of thrusting
(colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Piercing Fang
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Piercing Fang: Skill used by Yura, the Bloody Finger Hunter. Starting with the blade held horizontally, make a powerful thrust that cannot be blocked."
Usable on medium and large armaments capable of thrusting.
Ash of War: Spinning Slash
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Spinning Slash: Skill favored by dexterous warriors. Slash foes as your body spins. Additional input allows for a follow-up attack."
Usable on swords, axes, and polearms (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Charge Forth
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Charge Forth: Quickly charge forward with the armament at the hip, carrying the momentum into a thrust. Hold to cover a greater distance."
Usable on polearms capable of thrusting, heavy thrusting swords, and twinblades.
Ash of War: Stamp (Upward Cut)
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Stamp (Upward Cut): Brace armament and step into a low stance that prevents recoil from most enemy attacks. Follow up with a strong attack for an upward strike."
Usable on swords, axes, and hammers (small and medium swords excepted).
Ash of War: Stamp (Sweep)
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Stamp (Sweep): Brace armament and step into a low stance that prevents recoil from most enemy attacks. Follow up with a strong attack for a sweeping strike."
Usable on swords, axes, and hammers (small and medium swords excepted).
Ash of War: Blood Tax
This Ash of War grants an armament the Blood affinity and the following skill:
"Blood Tax: Blood Oath skill granted by the Lord of Blood. Twist to build power, then unleash a flurry of thrusts that rob the target of both their blood and their HP."
Usable on armaments capable of thrusting
(colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Repeating Thrust
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Repeating Thrust: Twist to build power, then unleash a flurry of thrusts."
Usable on armaments capable of thrusting
(colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Wild Strikes
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Wild Strikes: Swing armament with wild abandon. Hold to continue swinging. Can be followed up with a normal or strong attack."
Usable on axes and hammers as well as curved swords and greatswords (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Spinning Strikes
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Spinning Strikes: Polearm skill that performs continuous spinning attacks. Hold to continue the attack. Can be followed up with a normal or strong attack. Nullifies projectiles such as arrows while spinning."
Usable on polearms (great spears excepted).
Ash of War: Double Slash
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Double Slash: Skill of superior swordsmen. Perform a crossing slash attack from a low stance. Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks."
Usable on swords and polearms capable of slashing (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Prelate's Charge
This Ash of War grants an armament the Flame Art affinity and the following skill:
"Prelate's Charge: Slam armament into the ground to create a surge of flames, then charge in. Hold to continue the charge."
Usable on large and colossal axes and hammers.
Ash of War: Unsheathe
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Unsheathe: Skill of swordsmen from the Land of Reeds. Sheathe blade, holding it at the hip in a composed stance. Follow up with a normal or strong attack to perform a swift slash attack."
Usable on katana.
Ash of War: Square Off
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Square Off: This skill starts with the sword held level. Follow up with a normal attack to slash upwards through enemy's guard, or a strong attack to perform a running thrust."
Usable on straight swords.
Ash of War: Giant Hunt
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Giant Hunt: Skill developed for confronting gigantic foes. Step forward from a low stance, carrying the momentum into a sudden upward thrust."
Usable on large and colossal weapons capable of thrusting, spears, and twinblades.
Ash of War: Torch Attack
This Ash of War grants an armament
the Skill: Torch Attack.
Ash of War: Loretta's Slash
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Loretta's Slash: Skill of Loretta the Royal Knight. Leap forward, imbuing the blade with glintstone, then descend, accelerating into a sweeping slash."
Usable on polearms and twinblades.
Ash of War: Poison Moth Flight
This Ash of War grants an armament the Poison affinity and the following skill:
"Poison Moth Flight: Slash with a poison-infused blade. If the follow-up strike lands on a poisoned foe, it will deal significant damage."
Usable on small and medium swords (twinblades excepted).
Ash of War: Spinning Weapon
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Spinning Weapon: Defensive skill employed by Carian princesses. Lifts armament into mid-air, then makes it spin violently. Those it touches will suffer successive attacks."
Usable on small and medium swords, axes, and hammers, as well as polearms and staves (great spears excepted)
Ashes of War: Wicked Stance
Affix to weapon to enable use
of the Skill: Wicked Stance
Ash of War: Storm Assault
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Storm Assault: One of the skills that channel the tempests of Stormveil. Leap forward through surrounding storm winds and thrust armament downward. The attack will produce more storm winds at the point of impact."
Usable on polearms capable of thrusting, heavy thrusting swords, and twinblades.
Ash of War: Stormcaller
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Stormcaller: One of the skills that channel the tempests of Stormveil. Spin armament to create surrounding storm winds. Repeated inputs allow for up to two follow-up attacks."
Usable on swords capable of slashing, axes, hammers, and polearms (small and colossal weapons excepted)
Ash of War: Sword Dance
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Sword Dance: Quickly close in to perform a series of spinning upward slashes. Follow up with an additional input to finish with a downward slash."
Usable on swords, axes, and polearms capable of slashing (colossal weapons and great spears excepted).
Ash of War: Spinning Chain
This Ash of War grants an armament
the Skill: Pulverize.
Ash of War: Glintblade Phalanx
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Glintblade Phalanx: Skill used by the enchanted knights who served the Carian royal family. Form an arch of magic glintblades overhead, which will attack foes automatically. Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust."
Usable on swords as well as polearms capable of thrusting (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Sacred Blade
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Sacred Blade: Grants armament's attacks holy essence and fires off a golden blade projectile. The armament retains its holy essence for a while."
Usable on melee armaments (whips, fists, and claws excepted).
Ash of War: Ice Spear
This Ash of War grants an armament the Cold affinity and the following skill:
"Ice Spear: Skill of the warriors who served Lunar Princess Ranni. Spin armament to release cold magic, then channel it into a piercing spear of ice."
Usable on polearms capable of thrusting and twinblades.
Ash of War: Glintstone Pebble
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Glintstone Pebble: Skill that employs the glintstone sorcery of the same name. Follow up with a strong attack to chain this skill into a lunging thrust, performed while the armament is still imbued with glintstone."
Usable on swords as well as polearms capable of thrusting (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Bloody Slash
This Ash of War grants an armament the Blood affinity and the following skill:
"Bloody Slash: Blood Oath skill granted by the Lord of Blood. From a low stance, coat the blade in your own blood to unleash a rending blood slash in a wide arc."
Usable on swords (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Lifesteal Fist
This Ash of War grants an armament the Occult affinity and the following skill:
"Lifesteal Fist: Skill that demonstrates mastery of the art of controlling vital energies.
A slow, controlled punch with an energy-infused fist that renders foes unconscious and steals their HP. Only effective against foes of human build."
Usable on fists and claws.
Ash of War: Eruption
This Ash of War grants an armament the Fire affinity and the following skill:
"Eruption: Skill of the knights who serve at Volcano Manor. Slam armament into the ground, spawning roiling lava which spouts up upon release."
Usable on large and colossal swords, axes, and hammers.
Ash of War: Prayerful Strike
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Prayerful Strike: Raise armament aloft in prayer, then slam it into the ground. This inspired blow restores HP to the self and nearby allies if it successfully hits."
Usable on axes and hammers.
Ash of War: Gravitas
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Gravitas: Skill originating from the Alabaster Lords, who had skin of stone. Thrust the armament into the ground to create a gravity well. In addition to dealing damage, this attack pulls enemies in."
Usable on melee armaments (small armaments and whips excepted).
Ash of War: Storm Blade
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Storm Blade: Lost skill of Stormveil. Surround armament with shearing storm winds that can be fired forward. Can be fired in rapid succession."
Usable on swords (colossal weapons and twinblades excepted).
Ash of War: Earthshaker
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Earthshaker: Thrust armament into the ground, then gather strength to unleash an earth-shaking shockwave. Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike."
Usable on greataxes, warhammers, and colossal weapons.
Ash of War: Golden Land
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Golden Land: Thrust armament into the ground, then gather strength to unleash a blast of sacred energy that coalesces into golden darts. Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike."
Usable on greataxes, warhammers, and colossal weapons.
Ash of War: Flaming Strike
This Ash of War grants an armament the Fire affinity and the following skill:
"Flaming Strike: Skill that emits flame in a wide frontward arc. Follow up with a strong attack to perform a lunging, sweeping strike. This will also coat the armament in fire."
Usable on melee armaments (colossal weapons and whips excepted).
Ash of War: Thunderbolt
This Ash of War grants an armament the Lightning affinity and the following skill:
"Thunderbolt: Skill used by the capital's ancient dragon cult. Raise armament aloft to call down a bolt of lightning. Can be fired in rapid succession."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Lightning Slash
This Ash of War grants an armament the Lightning affinity and the following skill:
"Lightning Slash: Call down a bolt of lightning into armament, then swing it down to create an explosive shock. The armament retains the lightning enchantment for a while."
Usable on swords, axes, and hammers.
Ash of War: Carian Grandeur
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Carian Grandeur: Carian royal prestige embodied in a skill. Transform blade into a magical greatsword and swing it down. Can be charged to increase its power by up to two levels."
Usable on swords (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Carian Greatsword
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Carian Greatsword: Carian royal prestige embodied in a skill. Transform blade into a magical greatsword and swing it down. Can be charged to increase its power."
Usable on swords (colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Vacuum Slice
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Vacuum Slice: Lost skill of ancient heroes. Hold the armament aloft to surround it with a shearing vacuum, then launch it forwards as a blade-like projectile."
Usable on swords and axes (small and colossal axes excepted).
Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado
This Ash of War grants an armament the Flame Art affinity and the following skill:
"Black Flame Tornado: Spin armament overhead and then plunge it into the ground to summon a raging vortex of black flames. Hold to create an initial flame tornado while spinning the armament."
Usable on polearms and twinblades.
Ash of War: Sacred Ring of Light
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Sacred Ring of Light: Skill used by the commanders of the Cleanrot Knights. Gather a sacred ring of light in the armament, then fire it forwards. Can be fired in rapid succession."
Usable on polearms (great spears excepted).
Ash of War: Firebreather
This Ash of War grants an armament
the Skill: Fire Breath.
Ash of War: Blood Blade
This Ash of War grants an armament the Blood affinity and the following skill:
"Blood Blade: Wound self to coat the armament with blood, then unleash an airborne blood blade that causes hemorrhaging. Can be fired in rapid succession."
Usable on small and medium swords.
Ash of War: Phantom Slash
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Phantom Slash: Skill inspired by the fond remembrances of the Night's Cavalry. Creates an apparition of the knights' former instructor who guides a joint lunging upward swing. Additional input allows for a follow-up attack."
Usable on polearms and twinblades (great spears excepted).
Ash of War: Spectral Lance
This Ash of War grants an armament the Occult affinity and the following skill:
"Spectral Lance: Skill of the headless Mausoleum Knights. Hurl a phantasmic spear at foes."
Usable on polearms (reapers excepted).
Ash of War: Chilling Mist
This Ash of War grants an armament the Cold affinity and the following skill:
"Chilling Mist: Coat armament in frost, and then slash, spreading frigid mist forwards. The armament retains its frost for a while."
Usable on melee armaments (whips, fists, and claws excepted).
Ash of War: Poisonous Mist
This Ash of War grants an armament the Poison affinity and the following skill:
"Poisonous Mist: Bathe armament in poison, and then slash, spreading toxic mist forwards. The armament retains its poison for a while."
Usable on melee armaments (whips, fists, and claws excepted).
Ash of War: Shield Bash
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Shield Bash: Brace behind shield before using bodyweight to ram foes while maintaining guarding stance. Weaker enemies will be shoved backwards, and can even be staggered."
Usable on all shields.
Ash of War: Barricade Shield
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Barricade Shield: Skill made famous by Sir Neidhardt. Focus your energy into the shield, temporarily hardening it to deflect greater blows."
Usable on all shields.
Ash of War: Parry
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Parry: Use this skill in time with a foe's melee attack to deflect it and break that foe's stance. This provides an opening to perform a critical hit."
Usable on daggers, curved swords, thrusting swords, fists, claws, and small and medium shields.
Ash of War: Buckler Parry
This Ash of War grants an armament
the Skill: Buckler Parry.
Ash of War: Parry
This Ash of War grants an armament
the Skill: Parry.
Ash of War: Carian Retaliation
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Carian Retaliation: Swing the shield to dispel incoming sorceries and incantations, transforming the magic into retaliatory glintblades. Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry."
Usable on small and medium shields.
Ash of War: Storm Wall
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Storm Wall: Swing the shield to create a wall of storm winds in front of you, deflecting arrows and other such physical projectiles. Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry."
Usable on small and medium shields.
Ash of War: Golden Parry
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Golden Parry: Perform an Erdtree incantation and swing the shield to deflect enemy attacks and break their stance. Effective even at a slight distance."
Usable on small and medium shields.
Ash of War: Shield Crash
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Shield Crash: Two-hand the shield and charge forwards while maintaining guard. Weaker enemies will be shoved backwards and can even be staggered. Hold to extend the duration of the charge forwards."
Usable on all shields.
Ash of War: No Skill
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament and replaces any skill present with the following:
"No skill: This armament has no skill. If the armament in the other hand has a skill, that skill will be used instead."
Usable on shields and torches.
Ash of War: Thops's Barrier
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Thops's Barrier: Erect a magical forcefield while swinging the shield to deflect sorceries and incantations. Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry."
Usable on small and medium shields.
Ash of War: Through and Through
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Through and Through: Powerful archery skill using a greatbow held in an oblique stance. Ready the greatbow, then twist the bowstring to fire a mighty greatarrow that can penetrate through enemies."
Usable on greatbows.
Ash of War: Barrage
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Barrage: Archery skill using a bow held horizontally. Ready the bow, then fire off a rapid succession of shots faster than the eye can see."
Usable on light bows.
Ash of War: Mighty Shot
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Mighty Shot: Archery skill performed from an oblique stance. Ready the bow, then pull the bowstring to its limit to enhance the power of the shot, penetrating the enemy's guard."
Usable on light bows and longbows.
Ash of War: Enchanted Shot
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Enchanted Shot: Archery skill that enlivens the arrow with spiritual essence. The resulting shot will fly faster than regular shots and change its trajectory to follow the target."
Usable on light bows and longbows.
Ash of War: Sky Shot
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Sky Shot: Archery skill performed from a low stance. Ready the bow, then fire an arrow high up into the air, arcing so as to strike the enemy from above when it comes down."
Usable on light bows and longbows.
Ash of War: Rain of Arrows
This Ash of War grants no affinity to an armament, but imparts the following skill:
"Rain of Arrows: Archery skill performed from a low stance. Ready the bow, then fire a burst of arrows into the sky to shower the enemy with projectiles."
Usable on all bows.
Ashes of War: Invisible Arrow
Affix to weapon to enable use
of the Skill: Invisible Arrow
Ash of War: Hoarfrost Stomp
This Ash of War grants an armament the Cold affinity and the following skill:
"Hoarfrost Stomp: Stomp hard to spread a trail of freezing mist on the ground. The mist applies the frost status effect."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Storm Stomp
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Storm Stomp: One of the skills that channel the tempests of Stormveil. Stomp hard on the ground to kick up a momentary storm."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Kick
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Kick: Push an enemy back with a high kick. Effective against enemies who are guarding, and can break a foe's stance. Sometimes a simple tool is the most effective."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Lightning Ram
This Ash of War grants an armament the Lightning affinity and the following skill:
"Lightning Ram: Skill inspired by tumbling rams. Let out a bleat, then tumble forwards, clad in lightning. Tumbles can be repeated in rapid succession."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Flame of the Redmanes
This Ash of War grants an armament the Fire affinity and the following skill:
"Flame of the Redmanes: Skill of the Redmanes, who fought alongside General Radahn. Produce a powerful burst of flames in a wide frontward arc."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Ground Slam
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Ground Slam: Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead. The resulting pratfall sends a powerful shockwave in all directions."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Golden Slam
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Golden Slam: Skill of the avatars who protect Minor Erdtrees. Jump up high into the air and crash down on the ground ahead. The resulting pratfall sends golden shockwaves in all directions."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Waves of Darkness
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Waves of Darkness: Plunge armament into the ground to release three waves of darkness. Follow up with a strong attack to swing the armament in a sweeping strike."
Usable on greataxes, warhammers, and colossal weapons.
Ash of War: Hoarah Loux's Earthshaker
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Hoarah Loux's Earthshaker: Slam both hands onto the ground to violently shake the earth and unleash a shockwave. Follow up with an additional input to slam the ground again."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Determination
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Determination: A knightly skill. Hold the flat of the armament to your face and pledge your resolve, powering up your next attack."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve
This Ash of War grants an armament the Quality affinity and the following skill:
"Royal Knight's Resolve: Skill of the knights who once served the Elden Lord. Hold the flat of the armament to your face and pledge your resolve, greatly powering up your next attack."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Assassin's Gambit
This Ash of War grants an armament the Occult affinity and the following skill:
"Assassin's Gambit: Skill that masks the user's presence at the cost of a self-inflicted wound. Grants near-invisibility and silences footsteps."
Usable on small and medium straight swords and thrusting swords.
Ash of War: Golden Vow
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Golden Vow: Skill passed down from antiquity among the knights of the capital. Raise armament aloft and pledge to honor the Erdtree in battle, granting self and nearby allies increased attack power and defense."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Sacred Order
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Sacred Order: Skill of the Golden Order fundamentalist knights. Perform a salute and grant the armament holy essence. Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Shared Order
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Shared Order: Skill of the Golden Order fundamentalist knights. Grant the armament and those of nearby allies holy essence. Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Seppuku
This Ash of War grants an armament the Blood affinity and the following skill:
"Seppuku: A forbidden technique used by swordsmen from the Land of Reeds. Plunge the blade into your stomach to stain it with blood. Increases attack power and improves ability to inflict blood loss."
Usable on swords as well as polearms capable of thrusting (small and colossal weapons excepted).
Ash of War: Cragblade
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Cragblade: Skill that manipulates gravity. Bury the armament in the ground, pulling rocks from the earth to reinforce it. Increases attack power and makes it easier to break enemy stance."
Usable on melee armaments (whips excepted).
Ash of War: Barbaric Roar
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Barbaric Roar: Let loose a bestial roar to rally the spirit and increase attack power. While active, strong attacks change to savage combo attacks."
Usable on melee armaments (daggers, thrusting swords, and whips excepted).
Ash of War: War Cry
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"War Cry: Give a war cry to rally the spirit and increase attack power. While active, strong attacks change to charging attacks."
Usable on melee armaments (daggers, thrusting swords, and whips excepted).
Ash of War: Beast's Roar
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Beast's Roar: Unleash a beastly roar, rending the air as a forward-travelling projectile."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Troll's Roar
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Troll's Roar: Look into the distance and let out an intense roar, generating a powerful shockwave that blows back surrounding foes. Follow up with a strong attack to slam the armament down."
Usable on large and colossal swords, axes, and hammers.
Ash of War: Braggart's Roar
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Braggart's Roar: Declare your presence with a boastful roar. Raises attack power, defense, and stamina recovery speed."
Usable on melee armaments (daggers, thrusting swords, and whips excepted).
Ash of War: Endure
This Ash of War grants an armament the Heavy affinity and the following skill:
"Endure: Assume an anchored stance to brace for incoming attacks, briefly boosting poise. Damage taken while using this skill is reduced."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Vow of the Indomitable
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Vow of the Indomitable: Skill of the ancient warriors of the Erdtree. Hold shield aloft to imbue yourself with golden power, granting momentary invincibility."
Usable on all shields.
Ash of War: Holy Ground
This Ash of War grants an armament the Sacred affinity and the following skill:
"Holy Ground: Raise shield to create an Erdtree-consecrated area that continuously restores HP and boosts defense for self and allies inside it."
Usable on all shields.
Ash of War: Quickstep
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Quickstep: Skill prized by the crafty and fleet of foot.
Perform a quickstep maneuver that allows for circling around lock-on targets."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Bloodhound's Step
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Bloodhound's Step: Skill that allows the user to become temporarily invisible while dodging at high speed. Moves faster and travels farther than a regular quickstep. This skill can be used to circle around lock-on targets."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: Raptor of the Mists
This Ash of War grants an armament the Keen affinity and the following skill:
"Raptor of the Mists: Duck into a low stance, momentarily vanishing. If an enemy attack connects, avian wings will allow for a quick escape into the air."
Usable on all melee armaments.
Ash of War: White Shadow's Lure
This Ash of War grants an armament the Occult affinity and the following skill:
"White Shadow's Lure: Hold armament in a brief, silent prayer to create a white shadow. The apparition lures in foes of human build who are not in combat, drawing their aggression. Effective on demi-humans even if they are already in a combat state."
Usable on all melee armaments.
GoodsDialog.fmg
Talisman effects have prevented your runes from being lost upon death, at the cost of your Sacrificial Twig
Physick effects have prevented your runes from being lost upon death
Use Miquella's Needle to tame the flame of frenzy?
Go to the audience grounds?
Lose all runes to return to the last site of grace visited?
Finger Remedy effect will be nullified. OK?
Attempt to invade another world?
Cancel invasion of other world?
Withdraw summon request?
Stop answering requests to be summoned as a rescuer?
Lure in invaders?
Stop luring in invaders?
Send a co-op sign to summoning pools?
Withdraw a co-op sign from summoning pools?
Send a hostile sign to summoning pools?
Withdraw a hostile sign from summoning pools?
Return to your world?
Send summoned spirit back to the beyond?
Summoning a new spirit will send any spirits present away. OK?
This Dream Mist has been already acquired
Resummon steed by consuming one charge of the Flask of Crimson Tears?
GoodsInfo.fmg
Creates a summon sign for cooperative multiplayer
Creates a summon sign for competitive multiplayer
Attempts invasion of other player's world
Sends another, or oneself, home
When invaded, requests the aid of a hunter
Answers requests for summoning from hunters
Used to write messages to other worlds
Attempts repeat invasion of last targeted world
Lures in invaders
Sends a co-op sign to summoning pools
Sends a hostile sign to summoning pools
Lose all runes, return to last site of lost grace visited
Summon and ride Torrent, the spectral steed
Give blessing of blood to enemies in invaded world
Reveals co-op and hostile summoning signs
Sends a co-op summoning sign to summoning pools
Sends a hostile summoning sign to summoning pools
Grants the blessing of an equipped Great Rune upon use
Raises all attributes
Raises maximum HP, FP and stamina
Restores HP upon attacking enemies
Grants a blessing of blood to phantoms
Attacks recover HP after damage is taken
Restores HP, but is currently empty
Restores HP
Restores FP, but is currently empty
Restores FP
Bestows various special effects
Bestows various special effects, but is empty now
Throw at enemies to inflict fire damage
Throw at enemies to inflict heavy fire damage
Uses FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy fire damage.
Throw at enemies to inflict lightning damage
Throw at enemies to inflict heavy lightning damage
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of deadly poison
Throw at enemies to release a swarm of flies
Uses FP. Throw at enemies to inflict holy damage.
Uses FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy holy damage.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of frost
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of poison
Throw at enemies to soak them in oil
Uses FP. Throw to lure foes of human build only.
Uses FP. Lures beasts only.
Throw behind to inflict fire damage
Throw behind to inflict lightning damage
Throw behind to cause buildup of deadly poison
Throw behind to cause buildup of poison
Throw behind to douse enemies in oil
Uses FP. Throw behind to inflict magic damage.
Throw behind to release a swarm of flies
Throw behind to cause frostbite build-up
Creates heat cloud, causing continuous fire damage
Uses FP. Throw behind to inflict holy damage.
Uses FP. Throw to impede healing using a flask of tears.
Throw to douse enemy with accursed blood
Uses FP. Throw to cause buildup of sleep.
Uses FP. Throw to spawn vengeful spirits.
Uses FP. Throw to inflict magic damage.
Uses FP. Throw to inflict heavy magic damage.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of scarlet rot
On horseback, feed to Torrent to restore HP
On horseback, feed to Torrent to greatly restore HP
On horseback, feed to Torrent to vastly restore HP
Greatly boosts physical damage negation for a time
Boosts physical damage negation for a time
Alleviates poison buildup and cures poison
Alleviates impending blood loss
Alleviates buildup of frost
Alleviates buildup of sleep
Alleviates scarlet rot buildup and cures rot
Alleviates death blight buildup
Alleviates madness buildup
Temporarily boosts stamina recovery
Temporarily boosts immunity
Temporarily boosts robustness
Temporarily boosts focus
Temporarily boosts immunity, robustness and focus
Temporarily boosts magic damage negation
Temporarily boosts fire damage negation
Temporarily boosts lightning damage negation
Temporarily boosts holy damage negation
Temporarily boosts item discovery
Boosts rune acquisition for a time
Temporarily boosts physical attack
Boost instant death resistance for a short time
Restores HP but causes poison buildup
Yellowing, oozing eyeball of the infirm
Use to gradually recover FP
Coats armament, inflicting fire damage
Coats armament, inflicting lightning damage
Coats armament, inflicting magic damage
Coats armament, inflicting holy damage
Coats armament, inflicting blood loss
Coats armament, inflicting sleep
Coats armament, inflicting poison
Coats armament, inflicting frost
Coats armament, granting special dragon attacks
Coats armament, inflicting scarlet rot
Quickly coats armament, inflicting fire damage
Quickly coats armament, inflicting lightning damage
Quickly coats armament, inflicting magic damage
Quickly coats armament, inflicting holy damage
Quickly coats armament, inflicting blood loss
Quickly coats armament, inflicting sleep
Quickly coats armament, inflicting poison
Quickly coats weapon, inflicting frostbite
Quickly coats armament, inflicting scarlet rot
Boosts guarding ability and all damage negation
Throw at enemies to inflict damage
Throw at enemies to inflict damage and build up poison
Throw at enemies to inflict damage and build up onset of blood loss
Throw fanned-out knives at enemies to inflict damage
Material used for crafting items
Utterly entrances wild beasts
Explodes when thrown, inflicting fire damage
Explodes when thrown together, inflicting fire damage
Throw together to cause buildup of poison
Shines with colored light when placed, serving as a guide
Emits a faint light from the location it is placed
Allows viewer to see faraway things
Light shows the path, but without order
Attach to waist to illuminate surroundings
Deflects the power of the Black Blade
Beast Clergyman seeks and devours these
Temporarily reduces fall damage and sound
Removes filth and accumulations on the body
Carry out Absolution at the Church of Vows
Briefly binds Margit, once imprisoned, to earth
Briefly binds Mohg, once imprisoned, to earth
Audience with Mohg will be granted, one day
Subdues a once-accepted frenzied flame
Emits a voice that says "Hello"
Emits a voice that says "Thank you"
Emits a voice that says "Apologies"
Emits a voice that says "Wonderful"
Emits a voice that says "Please help"
Emits a voice that says "My beloved"
Emits a voice that says "Let's get to it"
Emits a voice that says "You're beautiful"
Use to gain many runes
Use to gain a small number of runes
Use to gain runes
Use to gain a great many runes
Use to gain a multitude of runes
Use to gain an abundance of runes
Use to gain an enormous abundance of runes
Take the power of its namesake via Finger Reader
Uses FP to spray spirit vapor
Uses FP to unleash wraiths that chase down foes
Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes
Uses FP to call down a deluge of light
Uses FP to produce a magic bolt
Uses FP to mimic nearby objects
Break gem and use FP to produce a magic bolt
Break gem and use FP to produce many magic bolts
Uses FP to emit fan-shaped gravitational shockwave
Uses FP to cause a gravitational explosion
Uses FP to ring bell and calls prowling wraiths
Consumes FP, allowing weapon to purify undead foes
Uses FP to continuously heal nearby allies
Uses FP to continuously heal chaos followers
Reveals more messages from other worlds
Uses FP to charm pierced enemy
Uses FP to temporarily boost poise
Boosts ally attack power and reduces incoming damage once
Uses FP to scatter sparks in a wide area
Uses FP to temporarily turn wielder's body to steel
Uses FP to enter a temporary state of fervor
Uses FP to release poison mist from the mouth
Uses FP to release acid mist from the mouth
Fires magic projectiles from glintstone
Fires larger magic projectiles from glintstone
Swiftly fires magic projectiles from glintstone
Fires a magic comet with a trailing tail
Fires a great magic comet
Fires twin spiraling projectiles
Fires three shooting stars that pursue foes
Fires six shooting stars that pursue foes
Fires a volley of glintstone crystal shards
Fires a horizontally-widening magic arc
Lobs an explosive magic projectile in an arc
Fires a burst of glintstone crystal shards
Thrust staff into ground to emit a shockwave
Thrust staff into ground to emit a massive shockwave
Attacks using a magic greathammer
Raises the magic strength of those within the sigil
Creates star light to illuminate surroundings
Fires a tremendous comet within a starry torrent
Releases a downpour of star rain for a while
Fires twelve dark shooting stars that pursue foes
Forms a defensive arch of magic glintblades
Forms a defensive arch of numerous magic glintblades
Forms a defensive arch of larger magic glintblades
Incarnate a full moon and launch it at foes
Incarnate a cold, dark moon and launch it at foes
Summon a magic mass that sprays projectiles over area
Fires great arrow from a magic greatbow
Fires four great arrows from magic greatbow at once
Creates sigil that forms a projectile glintblade after delay
Fires mass of cold magic from glintstone
Thrust staff into ground to create freezing tornado
Releases cold mist before caster
Performs sweeping slash using magical greatsword
Sweeping slash followed by cold blade projectile
Performs swift sweeping slash using magical sword
Impales foes with magical greatsword
Enchants right-hand armament with magic damage
Enhances left-hand shield damage negation
Alleviates buildup of sleep and madness
Enchants right-hand armament with frost
Creates crystal mass that shatters in forward burst
Scours area with violent rain of crystal shards
Creates crystal mass that fires stream of crystal shards
Strikes from behind with projectile fired from distance
Swiftly fires semi-invisible magic projectile
Fires semi-invisible magic comet
Erect a magic forcefield to deflect spells
Dispels enemy spells and retaliates with glintblades
Creates dark space that draws in spells
Makes right-hand armament completely invisible
Makes the caster semi-invisible
Calls small meteorites down from the sky
Calls a hail of small meteorites from the void
Summons rocks from the earth and sends it flying
Pulls foes toward caster with gravity projectile
Pulls foes toward caster with gravity projectile volley
Fires lump of magma that explodes on contact
Covers area with surge of magma from the earth
Fires lump of magma that explodes after delay
Releases searing spirits that repeatedly explode after delay
Summons thorns from a whorl of own blood
Wounds caster to unleash trail of bloodthorns
Summons vengeful spirits that chase down foes
Summons horde of vengeful spirits that chase down foes
Causes ghostflame explosion that burns wide area
Releases a mist of death before caster
Summons Those Who Live in Death
Strikes surroundings with storm of death lightning
Launches several small magic bubbles
Launches a large magic bubble
Momentarily sparks flame from hand
Momentarily sparks roaring flame from hand
Throws ball of raging fire
Hurls several balls of fire at once
Sweeps area before caster with stream of fire
Alleviates buildup &amp; cures poison and scarlet rot
Raises physical and fire-affinity attack power
Greatly increases fire damage negation
Hurls massive ball of raging fire
Summons raging fireball that explodes and sets the area ablaze
Raises a series of flame pillars around caster
Throws a ball of raging black fire
Incinerates area before caster with stream of fire
Sweeps area before caster with black flame
Summons circle of black flame pillars around caster
Enchants right-hand armament with black flame
Increases physical damage negation
Thrust out belly with gusto to unleash repelling shockwave
Creates bloodflame lacerations that then explode
Scatters bloodflame before caster to set area aflame
Enchants right-hand armament with bloodflame
Greatly increases magic damage negation for self &amp; allies
Increases affinity damage negation for self &amp; allies
Produces a shockwave that pushes away foes
Produces golden shockwave that knocks back foes
Heals a small amount of HP
Heals HP for self and nearby allies
Greatly heals HP for self and nearby allies
Massively heals HP for self and nearby allies
Vastly heals HP for self and nearby allies
Grants blessing to self and nearby allies
Grants greater blessing to self and nearby allies
Alleviates poison/blood loss/sleep buildup for self/allies
Increases fire damage negation
Increases magic damage negation
Increases lightning damage negation
Increases holy damage negation
Greatly increases holy damage negation incl. allies
Releases life-sapping silver mist before caster
Silences footsteps, reduces fall damage/sound
Creates shadow that lures the aggression of foes of human build
Creates area of darkness that conceals caster
Increases attack and defense for self and allies
Fires ring of light before the caster
Fires three rings of light before the caster
Creates golden ring of light to attack wide area
Creates a stream of golden shooting stars that assail the area
Heals all ailments and dispels all special effects
Increases left-hand shield's affinity/ailment resistance
Creates image of Order to deal holy damage
Retaliates upon receiving a number of blows
Enchanted right-hand armament with holy damage
Swiftly flings numerous sharp rock shards
Hurls a boulder before the caster
Creates beast claws that tear through the land
Creates beast claws to rend surroundings with shockwaves
Heals HP over a period of time
Alleviates blood loss and frost buildup
Hurls lightning spear before caster
Summons red lightning that spreads from impact
Summons lightning bolt that spreads from impact
Stabs with ice lightning spear from above
Strikes foe with lightning bolt from above
Stabs with red lightning spear from above
Stabs from above with two red lightning spears in tandem
Sweeps from above with red lightning glaive
Enchants right-hand armament with lightning damage
Bolsters right-hand armament &amp; body with red lightning
Bolsters caster's body with lightning
Channels dragon to spew flame breath
Spews flame breath of Agheel from above
Channels wyrm to spew magma breath
Spews magma breath of Theodorix from above
Channels dragon to spew icy breath
Spews icy breath of Borealis from above
Channels dragon to spew scarlet rot breath
Spews scarlet rot breath of Ekzykes from above
Channels dragon to spew magic breath
Spews magic breath of Glintstone Dragon Smarag from above
Spews golden breath of Dragonlord Placidusax
Channels dragon to rend foes with dragon claws
Channels dragon to bite foes before caster
Emits the roar of Elder Dragon Greyoll
Launches countless sticky threads before caster
Releases a swarm of bloodflies before caster
Releases poison mist before caster
Enchants right-hand armament with poison
Creates giant flower that explodes with scarlet rot
Latches onto foes to spread madness
Emits burst of yellow flame of frenzy from eyes
Emits violent burst of yellow flame of frenzy from eyes
Emits concentrated blast of yellow flame of frenzy from eyes
Shrieks, building up madness in nearby foes
Creates supple tail to sweep area before caster
Creates shoulder horn to gore foes from low stance
Creates throat pouch to spew fire while walking
Black blade spinning slash that emits wave of light
Sets area and self ablaze with raging flames
Greatly increases lightning resistance for self and allies
Use to break one imp statue seal
Opens a locked door in Stormveil Castle
Raise in prayer to gain protection
Join medallions to operate Grand Lift of Dectus
Operates Grand Lift of Rold
Key to open the academy's two sealed gates
Key revealing the hidden form of Carian Study Hall
Ring of Lunar Princess Ranni's cold oath
Eyeball of the knight Vyke, inflamed yellow
Request from Volcano Manor
Tonic that banishes distress and bitter memories
Amnion from a womb that bore unintended offspring
Necklace worn everywhere by Irina
Letter addressed to the commander of Castle Morne
Key to the Volcano Manor drawing room
Rya's necklace, stolen by a blackguard
Letter of invitation to Volcano Manor
Ingredient used in special draught
Letter of introduction addressed to Sellen
Glintstone from within Sellen's body
Doll resembling Ranni the Witch
Asimi that has infected a tarnished
Godrick's Great Rune, devoid of any benediction
Radahn's Great Rune, devoid of any benediction
Morgott's Great Rune, devoid of any benediction
Rykard's Great Rune, devoid of any benediction
Mohg's Great Rune, devoid of any benediction
Malenia's Great Rune, devoid of any benediction
Pure white oath-cloth given by Varré
Bloodied white oath-cloth, dyed in a maiden's blood
Letter affixed to a graveyard crow's leg
Bell that summons various spirits from ashen items
Hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron
Boc the demi-human's prized sewing needle
Special sewing needle for demigod attire
Enables armor adjustment at sites of grace
Small flask received from Preceptor Seluvis
Glistening amber draught made for a scheme
Request from Volcano Manor to Patches
Castanets used by dancers from distant lands
Can release Master Lusat from his confinement
Broach wrapped in red velvet
Mark of the Night of the Black Knives ritual
Request from Volcano Manor to Bernahl
Join medallions to operate Grand Lift of Rold
Letter written about the caravans
Can be used to mend the shattered Elden Ring
Material needed by Rennala to grant rebirth
Unseals sending gate, but disappears upon use
Allows demigod garb alteration at sites of grace
Letter of confession found on Iji's corpse
Simple map showing location of black knifeprint
Cursemark carved into Lunar Princess Ranni's discarded flesh
The shedding of an Asimi that infected a tarnished
Curse grown on a body defiled by the Dung Eater
Ashes of a hawk which heeds no summons
An Asimi that infected a tarnished
Intricate needle of unalloyed gold
Unlocks sewer-gaol door beneath Leyndell
Simple map showing a meeting place
Key to treasure chest for Carian Princesses
Reminiscence of the painting "Homing Instinct"
Reminiscence of the painting "Resurrection"
Reminiscence of the painting "Champion's Song"
Reminiscence of the painting "Sorcerer"
Reminiscence of the painting "Prophecy"
Reminiscence of the painting "Flightless Bird"
Reminiscence of the painting "Redmane"
Farewell letter written in an inexpert hand
Keepsake of the warrior jar Alexander
Letter written in a trembling hand
Enables the practice of item crafting
Can add new battle arts and affinities to weapons
Map of Limgrave's western region
Map of Weeping peninsula
Map of Limgrave's eastern region
Map of Liurnia's eastern region
Map of Liurnia's northern region
Map of Liurnia's western region
Map of Altus Plateau and environs
Map of Leyndell Capital and environs
Map of Mt. Gelmir and environs
Map of Caelid and environs
Map of Dragonbarrow and environs
Map of Western Mountaintops of the Giants
Map of Eastern Mountaintops of the Giants
Map of Ainsel River and environs
Map of Lake of Rot and environs
Map of Siofra River and environs
Map of Mohgwyn Palace and environs
Map of Deeproot Depths and environs
Map of Consecrated Snowfield and environs
Simple map taken from an imp statue
Note imparting knowledge in brief
Note imparting knowledge in brief
Give to a learned sorcerer to acquire new sorceries
Give to a learned cleric to acquire new incantations
Scroll containing incantations
Offer to Twin Maiden Husks for new item access
Grants choice of affinity upgrade to weapon
Snapped intricate needle of unalloyed gold
Repaired intricate needle of unalloyed gold
Golden prosthesis used by the one-armed Valkyrie
A piece of paper given by Sage Gowry
Said to tremble when close to Deathroot
Dagger received from Fia, Deathbed Companion
A bow
A formal bow
A stiff bow
A reverential bow
Wave hand
A tough fist gesture
Raise morale
Pledge on one's sword
A threatening gesture
Inspire fellow warriors
The Carian oath
A gleeful leap
Slump to the floor
Rest on the floor
A dismissive gesture
A prayer borne of despair
Information about sites of grace
Information about sorceries and incantations
Information about bows
Information about crouching
Information about stance-breaking
Information about Stakes of Marika
Information about guard counters
Information about the map
Information about Guidance of Grace
Information about horseback riding
Information about death
Information about summoning spirits
Information about guarding
Information about item crafting
Information about Flask of Wondrous Physick
Information about adding skills
Information about birdseye telescopes
Information about spiritspring jumping
Information about vanquishing enemy groups
Information about Teardrop Scarabs
Information about summoning other players
Information about cooperative multiplayer
Information about competitive multiplayer
Information about invasion multiplayer
Information about hunter multiplayer
Information about the summoning pools
Information about Monument Icon
Information about requesting help from hunters
Information about skills
Information about fast travel to sites of grace
Information about strengthening armaments
Information about the Roundtable Hold
Information about materials
Information about containers
Information about adding affinities to armaments
Information about pouches
Information about dodging
Information about wielding armaments
Information about multiplayer
Letter concerning traces of silvery slime found
Expands crafting repertoire
Fugitive warrior recipe.  Adds craft able items
Container required for crafting cracked pot items
Container required for crafting ritual pot items
Container required for crafting perfume items
Shard of filthy glass. Worthless rubbish.
Increases Sacred Flask's number of uses
Improves Sacred Flask's potency
Increases talisman equip slots
Gain power of the dragon at the Dragon Communion altar
Used to duplicate Ashes of War
Used to perfect rebirth
Reinforce armaments up to +3
Reinforce armaments up to +6
Reinforce armaments up to +9
Reinforce armaments up to +12
Reinforce armaments up to +15
Reinforce armaments up to +18
Reinforce armaments up to +21
Reinforce armaments up to +24
Reinforce armaments to +25
Reinforce special armaments to +1
Reinforce special armaments to +2
Reinforce special armaments to +3
Reinforce special armaments to +4
Reinforce special armaments to +5
Reinforce special armaments to +6
Reinforce special armaments to +7
Reinforce special armaments to +8
Reinforce special armaments to +10
Reinforce special armaments to +9
Strengthen ashes to +1
Strengthen ashes to +2
Strengthen ashes to +3
Strengthen ashes to +4
Strengthen ashes to +5
Strengthen ashes to +6
Strengthen ashes to +7
Strengthen ashes to +8
Strengthen ashes to +9
Strengthen ashes to +10
Strengthen renowned ashes to +1
Strengthen renowned ashes to +2
Strengthen renowned ashes to +3
Strengthen renowned ashes to +4
Strengthen renowned ashes to +5
Strengthen renowned ashes to +6
Strengthen renowned ashes to +7
Strengthen renowned ashes to +8
Strengthen renowned ashes to +9
Strengthen renowned ashes to +10
Temporarily boosts max HP in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts stamina in mixed physick
Restores half of total HP in mixed physick
Restores half of total FP in mixed physick
Boosts resistance and heals status in mixed physick
Restores HP when near death in mixed physick
Significantly negates damage in mixed physick
Steadily restores HP for a time in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts stamina recovery speed in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts all damage negation in physick
Temporarily reduces equip load in mixed physick
Makes consecutive attacks grow stronger in mixed physick
Enhances charged attacks for a time in mixed physick
Enhances dodge rolls for a time in mixed physick
Causes concoction to explode in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts poise in mixed physick
Briefly stop rune loss on death in mixed physick
Converts damage received into HP in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts strength in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts dexterity in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts intelligence in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts faith in mixed physick
Eliminates all FP consumption in mixed physick
Makes attacks more likely to break enemy stances in a mixed physick
Purifies the Lord of Blood's curse in a mixed physick
Temporarily boosts fire attacks in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts magic attacks in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts lightning attacks in mixed physick
Temporarily boosts holy attacks in mixed physick
Summons spirit of Black Knife Tiche
Summons spirit of Banished Knight Oleg
Summons spirit of Banished Knight Engvall
Summons two fanged imp spirits
Summons spirit of Latenna the Albinauric
Summons nomad spirit
Summons nightmaiden &amp; swordstress spirits
Summons mimic tear spirit
Summons Crystalian spirit
Summons ancestral follower spirit
Summons winged misbegotten spirit
Summons two Albinauric spirits
Summons two skeletal militiaman spirits
Summons skeletal bandit spirit
Summons four Oracle Envoy spirits
Summons four putrid corpse spirits
Summons spirit of Depraved Perfumer Carmaan
Summons spirit of Perfumer Tricia
Summons glintstone sorcerer spirit
Summons Twinsage sorcerer spirit
Summons page spirit
Summons spirit of Battlemage Hugues
Summons two clayman spirits
Summons spirit of Cleanrot Knight Finlay
Summons Kindred of Rot spirit
Summons two marionette soldier spirits
Summons two avionette soldier spirits
Summons Fire Monk spirit
Summons spirit of Blackflame Monk Amon
Summons man-serpent spirit
Summons two Azula beastman spirits
Summons Kaiden sellsword spirit
Summons three lone wolf spirits
Summons three giant rat spirits
Summons four giant rat spirits
Summons five giant rat spirits
Summons five demi-human spirits
Summons rotten stray spirit
Summons spirit jellyfish
Summons warhawk spirit
Summons spirit of Stormhawk Deenh
Summons spirit of Bloodhound Knight Floh
Summons five wandering noble spirits
Summons noble sorcerer spirit
Summons three vulgar militia spirits
Summons mad pumpkin head spirit
Summons three land squirt spirits
Summons five miranda sprout spirits
Summons three little living jar spirits
Summons spirit of Omenkiller Rollo
Summons five greatshield soldier spirits
Summons three archer spirits
Summons two Godrick soldier spirits
Summons three Raya Lucaria soldier spirits
Summons two Leyndell soldier spirits
Summons two Radahn soldier spirits
Summons five mausoleum soldier spirits
Summons four Haligtree soldier spirits
Summons spirit of Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff
Summons spirit of Redmane Knight Ogha
Summons spirit of Lhutel the Headless
Summons spirit of Nepheli Loux
Summons spirit of the Dung Eater
Summons spirit of Finger Maiden Therolina
Summons spirit of Dolores the Sleeping Arrow
Summons Jarwight spirit
GoodsInfo2.fmg
Found near the remains of fallen ruins
Temporarily raises max HP
Temporarily raises max stamina
Restores half of max HP
Restores half of max FP
Heals status and raises resistance
Restores HP when near death
Significantly negates damage received
Steadily restores HP for a time
Temporarily boosts stamina recovery speed
Temporarily boosts all damage negation
Temporarily reduces equip load
Temporarily boosts successive attack power
Temporarily boosts charged attack power
Temporarily increases rolling efficiency
Causes an explosion
Temporarily boosts stability
Temporarily stops rune loss on death
Converts damage received into HP
Temporarily boosts strength
Temporarily boosts dexterity
Temporarily boosts intelligence
Temporarily boosts faith
Eliminates all FP consumption
Temporarily makes stance break easier
Purifies the curse of the Lord of Blood
Temporarily boosts fire attacks
Temporarily boosts magic attacks
Temporarily boosts lightning attacks
Temporarily boosts holy attacks
Found by hunting herbivorous beasts
Found by hunting carnivorous beasts
Found by hunting birds
Sometimes found by hunting birds
Found by hunting turtles
Found by hunting Those Who Live in Death
Found by hunting large dragonflies
Found by hunting owls
Found by hunting large crabs
Found by hunting land octopuses
Found by killing miranda flowers
Found by hunting creatures bloodless creatures
Often hidden in woods and thickets
Found by hunting beasts
Found by hunting particularly large beasts
Found along roadways everywhere
Often carried by demi-humans
Found by killing living jars
Found by killing Albinaurics
Found by killing stormhawks
Blooms in toxic terrain
Exceedingly rare to find
Blooms in lightning-struck lands
Blooms in graveyards
Blooms in rotten lands
Found throughout the Lands Between
Blooms on the Altus Plateau
Blooms on the Mountaintops of the Giants
Found near Minor Erdtrees
Found in thickets and elsewhere
Found in and around the Eternal City
Easily found everywhere in the Lands Between
Easily found near the Erdtree
Found in frigid highlands
Blooms in blood-soaked soil
Grown in lands afflicted by frenzy
Widely found in Liurnia Lake
Widely found in cold regions
Thrives in damp thickets and elsewhere
Grows in rotten lands
Secreted from the roots of the Greattree.
Can also be found near trees on the surface.
Widely found in crystal tunnels
Found near the remains of fallen ruins, but rarely
Found in the Swamp of Aeonia
Found near wildfires and elsewhere
Found near cold waters untouched by sunlight
Found near waters close to Minor Erdtrees
Found near churches and similar
Found in the land of the new dynasty
Gives off pale light in dark caves
Found in lands afflicted by frenzy
Found on Mt. Gelmir
Found near Ainsel River and other places where giant ants live
Found in lands once beset by ancient dragons
Black Knife Tiche
Banished Knight Oleg
Banished Knight Engvall
Fanged Imps
Latenna the Albinauric
Nomad
Nightmaiden &amp; Swordstress
Mimic Tear 
Crystalian
Ancestral Follower
Winged Misbegotten
Albinaurics
Skeletal Militiamen
Skeletal Bandits
Putrid Corpses
Fallen Perfumer Carmaan
Perfumer Tricia
Glintstone Sorcerer
Twinsage Sorcerer
Page
Battlemage Hugues
Claymen 
Cleanrot Knight Finlay
Kindred of Rot
Marionette Soldiers
Avionette Soldiers
Fire Monk
Blackflame Monk Amon
Man-Serpent 
Azula Beastmen
Kaiden Mercenary
Lone Wolves
Giant Rats
Demi-Humans
Rotten Stray
Spirit Jellyfish
Warhawk
Stormhawk Deenh
Bloodhound Knight Floh
Wandering Nobles
Noble Sorcerer
Vulgar Militia
Mad Pumpkin Head
Land Squirts
Miranda Sprouts
Soldjars of Fortune
Omenkiller Rollo
Greatshield Soldiers
Archers
Godrick Soldiers
Raya Lucaria Soldiers
Leyndell Soldiers
Radahn Soldiers
Mausoleum Soldiers
Haligtree Soldiers
Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff
Redmane Knight Ogha
Lhutel the Headless
Nepheli Loux
Dung Eater
Finger Maiden Therolina
Dolores the Sleeping Arrow
Jarwight
GoodsName.fmg
Tarnished's Furled Finger
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Creates a summon sign for cooperative multiplayer.
Arrive as a cooperator (Furled Finger) with the objective of defeating the area boss of the world to which you were summoned.
A finger of corpse wax, furled like a hook.
It is a relic of those who came before, left to help those who would come after.
Duelist's Furled Finger
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Creates a summon sign for competitive multiplayer.
Arrive as an adversary (Duelist) with the objective of defeating the Host of Fingers of the world to which you were summoned.
A finger of corpse wax, furled like a hook.
The bronze adornments are the mark of a duelist.
Bloody Finger
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Attempts an invasion of another player's world.
If successful, you will arrive as an invader (Bloody Finger) with the objective of defeating the Host of Fingers of that world.
Glistening blood has been siphoned into the nail of this finger. Its sickly pale skin feels nothing now, but the nail still aches with sweetest pain.
Finger Severer
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Use as a Host of Fingers to select a summoned player and send them back to their world.
Use when you have been summoned to another player's world to return to your own world.
This phantom blade severs the link formed by a Furled Finger, but the maidens scorn those who abuse its use.
White Cipher Ring
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Allows you to automatically request for a hunter from another world to come to your rescue when your world is invaded. (Summoning is not always possible.)
One of the lost mystic codes said to have been bestowed by the Two Fingers.
Blue Cipher Ring
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Puts the wearer in ready state to answer should someone in another world call for rescue. You will be summoned to their world as a hunter.
During hunter multiplayer, your objective will be to defeat the invader of the summoned world.
Tarnished's Wizened Finger
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Messages menu.)
Use to write messages. Your messages will be conveyed to other worlds, allowing other players to read them.
A finger of corpse wax, so emaciated the bone is visible.
It is a relic of those who came before, left to help those who would come after.
Phantom Bloody Finger
Item for online play.
Obtained after invading another world.
Consumed upon use.
Attempts another invasion of the most recently invaded world.
This may come in handy should separation from the Host of Fingers force a temporary retreat.
Taunter's Tongue
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Lures in invaders. This allows your world to be invaded without any Furled Finger cooperators present, and it also shortens the interval between windows of opportunity for invasion.
Additionally, enables the arrival of a second invader to join when a cooperator is present. (With two invaders, the maximum number of cooperators becomes one.)
Small Golden Effigy
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Send a cooperative summon sign to several nearby summoning pools (activated pools only).
In cooperative multiplayer, your objective will be to defeat the area boss of the world to which you were summoned.
Small Red Effigy
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Send a competitive summon sign to several nearby summoning pools (activated pools only).
In competitive multiplayer, your objective will be to defeat the Host of Fingers of the world to which you were summoned.
Festering Bloody Finger
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Consumed upon use.
Attempts an invasion of another player's world.
If successful, you will arrive as an invader (Bloody Finger) with the objective of defeating the Host of Fingers of that world.
This furled finger is blackened with blood congestion. It seems to have been chopped off rather unceremoniously.
Recusant Finger
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Attempts an invasion of another player's world.
If successful, you will arrive as an invader (Recusant) with the objective of defeating the Host of Fingers of that world.
This furled finger is covered in snake scales.
An heirloom of the lord of the Volcano Manor, bequeathed to Tarnished who have become family.
Memory of Grace
The memory of first grace, which once
guided bygone Tarnished to the Lands Between.
Lose all runes and return to last site of grace visited.
It is merely a cycle.
Stand before the Elden Ring. Become the Elden Lord.
Spectral Steed Whistle
A delicate goldwork ring. Can be used as a finger whistle.
Sound the whistle to summon and ride Torrent, the spectral steed.
(Dismounts steed when used while on horseback.)
Upon his death, the spectral steed can be summoned again, but doing so drains the Flask of Crimson Tears.
Phantom Great Rune
Item for online play.
Obtained after using the Mohg's Great Rune and invading another world.
Consumed upon use.
Enemies inside the invaded world receive a blessing of blood, which boosts their attack power when blood loss occurs nearby. Also, your HP recovers when blessed enemies defeat a player.
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Item for online play.
(Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Craftable item.
Reveals cooperative and competitive multiplayer signs.
Co-op summoning signs will be shown in gold, while hostile summoning signs will be shown in red.
Multiplayer begins when you summon a player from another world through their sign.
Rune Arc
A shard of the shattered Elden Ring.
Grants the blessing of an equipped Great Rune upon use.
Even if no Great Rune is equipped, it will slightly increase maximum HP upon use.
It is said that the lower arch of the Elden Ring receive its bounty, and this is a shard of one such arch.
Godrick's Great Rune
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Godrick.
Its blessing raises all attributes.
This Great Rune is known as the anchor ring, found in the center of the Elden Ring.
The first demigods were The Elden Lord Godfrey and his offspring, the golden lineage.
Radahn's Great Rune
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn.
Its blessing raises maximum HP, FP and Stamina.
Radahn was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
The Great Rune burns, to resist the encroachment of the scarlet rot.
Morgott's Great Rune
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Morgott.
Its blessing greatly raises maximum HP.
This Great Rune is the anchor ring that houses the base, and proves two things:
That the Omen King was born of the golden lineage, and that he was indeed the Lord of Leyndell.
Rykard's Great Rune
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Rykard.
Its blessing restores HP upon defeating enemies.
Rykard was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
But Rykard fed himself to the blasphemous serpent, Great Rune and all.
Mohg's Great Rune
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Mohg.
Its blessing grants a blessing of blood to summoned phantoms, and imparts a Phantom Great Rune upon successful invasion.
Mohg and Morgott are twin brothers, and their Great Runes are naturally similar.
But Mohg's rune is soaked in accursed blood, from his devout love for the wretched mire that he was born into far below the earth.
Malenia's Great Rune
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Malenia.
The blessing of this half-rotted rune reduces the healing power of Flask of Crimson Tears.
And yet, due to the infusion of Malenia's spirit of resistance, attacks made immediately after receiving damage will partially recover HP.
Malenia is daughter to Queen Marika and Radagon, and her Great Rune should have been the most sacred of all.
Flask of Crimson Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of life.
Filled with crimson tears, this flask restores HP with use. Though currently empty, simply rest at a site of grace to replenish.
It is said that a Finger Maiden will bestow two such chalices upon the chosen Tarnished when they meet.
Flask of Crimson Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of life.
Filled with crimson tears, this flask restores HP with use.
Rest at a site of grace to replenish.
It is said that a Finger Maiden will bestow two such chalices upon the chosen Tarnished when they meet.
Flask of Cerulean Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of life.
Filled with cerulean tears, this flask restores FP with use. Though currently empty, simply rest at a site of grace to replenish.
It is said that a Finger Maiden will bestow two such chalices upon the chosen Tarnished when they meet.
Flask of Cerulean Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of life.
Filled with cerulean tears, this flask restores FP with use.
Rest at a site of grace to replenish.
It is said that a Finger Maiden will bestow two such chalices upon the chosen Tarnished when they meet.
Flask of Wondrous Physick
A relic of the physick chemists, priests of the Erdtree.
Harnesses the powers of crystal tears, which only form after the passage of many moons.
Various special effects are bestowed upon the drinker, dependent on the specific mixture of crystal tears.
Rest at a site of grace to replenish.
Basins are placed at the feet of Minor Erdtrees throughout the Lands Between in order to collect their crystallized tears.
Flask of Wondrous Physick
A relic of the physick chemists, priests of the Erdtree.
Harnesses the powers of crystal tears, which only form after the passage of many moons.
Various special effects are bestowed upon the drinker, dependent on the specific mixture of crystal tears. Though currently empty, simply rest at a site of grace to replenish.
Basins are placed at the feet of Minor Erdtrees throughout the Lands Between in order to collect their crystallized tears.
Fire Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of incendiary materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to inflict fire damage.
Redmane Fire Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Engraved with the crest of red-maned lion.
Throw at enemies to inflict heavy fire damage.
Even today, the survivors of Radahn's battalion employ fire to stave off the scarlet rot.
Giantsflame Fire Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Enchanted by incantations of the Giants' Flame.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy fire damage.
Damage scales with faith.
Lightning Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of fulminating materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to inflict lightning damage.
Ancient Dragonbolt Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Engraved with the crest of the ancient dragon.
Throw at enemies to inflict heavy lightning damage.
Allows one to wield ancient drake lightning regardless of faith. The residual power of relics is a purely natural phenomenon.
Fetid Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of effluents is sealed inside. As the mixture ferments, toxins are produced alongside a putrid stench that seeps out once ripe.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of deadly poison.
Beware though; those who carry these pots will slowly accumulate poison in their own bodies.
Push someone in a privy; expect to get dung on your hands.
Swarm Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of effluents is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to set a swarm of bloodflies upon them. The vile swarm deals damage and builds up onset of blood loss. The cacophony of their wings assails the sanity of berserkers.
The maggots found in waste feed on blood and turn into vicious flies that are pitiably short-lived.
Holy Water Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
Enchanted by incantations of the Golden Order.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to inflict holy damage.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death, even preventing them from rising again.
The Golden Order has no mercy for those who trespass beyond life's bounds.
Sacred Order Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Enchanted by incantations of the Golden Order.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy holy damage.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death, even preventing them from rising again.
The Golden Order has no mercy for those who trespass beyond life's bounds.
Freezing Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Engraved with the crest of the Carian Royals.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of frost.
Originates from the cold, dark moon of Ranni, the Carian princess.
Poison Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of poisonous materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of poison.
Oil Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of oil-infused materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to soak them in oil, making them heavily susceptible to fire damage.
Alluring Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Enchanted with assassin incantations.
Consumes FP. Throw to create a pale shadow.
The illusion will lure in and distract foes of human build outside of combat, while demi-humans will be lured in even during combat.
Beastlure Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Enchanted with assassin incantations.
Consumes FP. Throw to create a red shadow.
The illusion lures in beasts into attacking it.
This effect does not change even during combat.
Roped Fire Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of incendiary materials is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Throw at rearward enemies to inflict fire damage.
Roped Lightning Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of fulminating materials is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Throw at rearward enemies to inflict lightning damage.
Roped Fetid Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of effluents is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Throw at rearward enemies to cause buildup of deadly poison.
Beware though; those who carry these pots will slowly accumulate poison in their own bodies.
Push someone in a privy; expect to get dung on your hands.
Roped Poison Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of poisonous materials is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Throw at rearward enemies to cause buildup of poison.
Roped Oil Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of oil-infused materials is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Throw at rearward enemies to soak them in oil, making them heavily susceptible to fire damage.
Roped Magic Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of magically resonant materials is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Consumes FP. Throw at rearward enemies to inflict magic damage.
Roped Fly Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of effluents is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Throw at rearward enemies to release a swarm of flies. Their fangs inflict countless painful lacerations on the victim while the grating sound of their wings assails their sanity.
The maggots found in waste feed on blood and turn into vicious flies that are pitiably short-lived.
Roped Freezing Pot
Craftable with a cracked pot.
Frost has been sealed inside. 
A short rope that aids throwing is attached.
Thrown at rearward enemies using the rope,
the pot explodes, causing frostbite buildup
in enemies.
Roped Volcano Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
Powdered volcanic rock is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Thrown at rearward enemies to disperse a cloud of heat, dealing continuous damage to those caught inside for a short duration.
Roped Holy Water Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
Enchanted by incantations of the Golden Order, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot.
Consumes FP. Throw at rearward enemies to inflict holy damage.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death, even preventing them from rising again.
The Golden Order has no mercy for those who trespass beyond life's bounds.
Volcano Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
Powdered volcanic rock is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to disperse a cloud of heat, dealing continuous damage to those caught inside for a short duration.
Albinauric Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Enchanted by sorceries of the Cuckoos.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to impede recovery actions using a flask of tears for a certain duration.
The Knights of the Cuckoos do declare. Behold, thy defiled blood. Unlike any humor that flows in our grand realm.
Cursed-Blood Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Decorated with the crest of the Lord of Blood.
Throw at enemies to douse them in accursed blood, causing summoned spirits to assail them with a rabid fervor.
A childhood memory of the Lord of Blood.
Sleep Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
Enchanted by the incantations of St. Trina.
Consumes FP. Throw enemies to cause buildup of sleep.
Like a lullaby, or a quagmire, its light-purple haze irresistibly draws its victims down into sleep. Sweet dreams.
Rancor Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
Enchanted by the ancient death hex.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to spawn vengeful spirits that chase down foes.
In times of old, the dead were burned with ghostflame, and from those cinders arose vengeful spirits.
Magic Pot
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot.
A cocktail of magically resonant materials is sealed inside, and a short rope that aids throwing has been secured around the pot. Called a "faux sorcery" in Raya Lucaria.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to inflict magic damage.
Academy Magic Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Enchanted by Raya Lucaria sorceries.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to inflict heavy magic damage.
This pot, considered a "faux sorcery," was employed to protect the academy.
Rot Pot
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot.
Decorated with the crest of scarlet wings.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of scarlet rot.
The rot bubbles up from the Swamp of Aeonia, and eats away at life like a vicious plague.
Rowa Raisin
Preparation of dried Rowa fruit.
Craftable item.
Feed to Torrent, the spectral steed, while riding to restore his HP.
Humans are unable to digest Rowa fruit, but Torrent seems to have a taste for it.
Sweet Raisin
Preparation of dried Golden Rowa fruit.
Craftable item.
Feed to Torrent, the spectral steed, while riding to greatly restore his HP.
Golden Rowa fruit is not unlike honey, and Torrent seems to have a taste for it.
Frozen Raisin
Preparation of dried Rimed Rowa.
Craftable item.
Feed to Torrent, the spectral steed, while riding to vastly restore his HP.
Torrent seems to enjoy the sensation of chewing this frozen, dried seed.
Boiled Crab
Boiled crab meat. 
A prime specimen of plump and moist meat.
True connoisseurs know how to keep from over-salting.
Greatly boosts physical damage negation for a certain duration.
Unlike the "prawn" sold, this truly is crab. Not that it matters, it's delicious all the same.
Boiled Prawn
Boiled prawn meat. 
A prime specimen of plump and moist meat.
True connoisseurs know how to keep from over-salting.
Boosts physical damage negation for a certain duration.
The meat actually looks to have come from a crayfish. Not that it matters, it's delicious all the same.
Neutralizing Boluses
Green boluses made from cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates poison buildup and cures poison ailment.
Poison accumulates gradually, coming into effect once the threshold is reached. Poison ailment lowers HP in steady increments for a period.
Stanching Boluses
Red boluses made from cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates impending blood loss.
Blood loss escalates gradually, causing
great damage once the threshold is reached.
Take one of these in timely fashion to avoid
such an event.
Thawfrost Boluses
Ice-hued boluses made from cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates buildup of frost and cures frostbite ailment.
Frost accumulates gradually, causing damage and inflicting frostbite once the threshold is reached.
Vulnerability to damage increases for a certain duration.
Stimulating Boluses
Light-purple boluses made from cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates buildup of sleep.
Sleep accumulates gradually, causing sudden fogginess and loss of FP once the threshold is reached, even if it does not force the afflicted into true slumber.
Take one of these in timely fashion to avoid
such events.
Preserving Boluses
Scarlet boluses made of cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates scarlet rot buildup and cures rot aliment.
Scarlet rot accumulates gradually, coming into effect once the threshold is reached. Scarlet rot ailment greatly lowers HP in steady increments for a period.
Rejuvenating Boluses
Black boluses made of cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates death blight buildup.
Blight accumulates slowly, causing instant death once the threshold is reached.
Take one of these in timely fashion to avoid
such an event.
Clarifying Boluses
Yellow boluses made of cave moss.
Craftable item.
Alleviates madness buildup.
Madness accumulates slowly, inflicting heavy damage and reducing FP once the threshold is reached.
Take one of these in timely fashion to avoid
such events.
Flask of Crimson Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of blessing.
Filled with crimson tears, this flask restores HP with use. Though currently empty, simply rest at a site of grace to replenish.
The one washed up on the gravesite was sure to die, until this flask offered its gift of rejuvenation. To seek the Elden Ring.
Flask of Crimson Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of blessing.
Filled with crimson tears, this flask restores HP with use.
Rest at a site of grace to replenish.
The one washed up on the gravesite was sure to die, until this flask offered its gift of rejuvenation. To seek the Elden Ring.
Flask of Cerulean Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of blessing.
Filled with cerulean tears, this flask restores FP with use. Though currently empty, simply rest at a site of grace to replenish.
The one washed up on the gravesite was sure to die, until this flask offered its gift of rejuvenation. To seek the Elden Ring.
Flask of Cerulean Tears
A sacred flask modelled after a golden holy chalice that was once graced by a tear of blessing.
Filled with cerulean tears, this flask restores FP with use.
Rest at a site of grace to replenish.
The one washed up on the gravesite was sure to die, until this flask offered its gift of rejuvenation. To seek the Elden Ring.
Pickled Turtle Neck
Turtle neck meat, pickled in a bitter medicinal
solution. Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts stamina recovery.
The nutrients churn through the body, practically boiling out endless power.
Immunizing Cured Meat
Cured strip of meat, dried out after pickling in a green medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts immunity.
Higher immunity helps to mitigate the buildup of various poisons and scarlet rot.
Invigorating Cured Meat
Cured strip of meat, dried out after pickling in a red medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts robustness.
Higher robustness helps to mitigate the buildup of frost and blood loss.
Clarifying Cured Meat
Cured strip of meat, dried out after pickling in a purple medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts focus.
Higher focus helps to mitigate the buildup of sleep and madness.
Dappled Cured Meat
Cured strip of meat, dried out after pickling in a dappled medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts immunity, robustness, and focus.
Spellproof Dried Liver
Cured animal liver, dried out after pickling in a blue medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts magic damage negation, improving damage mitigation against attacks imbued with magic.
Fireproof Dried Liver
Cured animal liver, dried out after pickling in a red medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts fire damage negation, improving damage mitigation against attacks imbued with fire.
Lightningproof Dried Liver
Cured animal liver, dried out after pickling in an yellow medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts lightning damage negation, improving damage mitigation against attacks imbued with lightning.
Holyproof Dried Liver
Cured animal liver, dried out after pickling in a golden medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts holy damage negation, improving damage mitigation against attacks imbued with holiness.
Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot
Four-toed foot of a fowl, pickled in a silvery medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts item discovery.
Since old times, the needy would scrape the meat clean even from a fowl's claw.
Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot
Four-toed foot of a fowl, pickled in a golden medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Boosts the amount of runes obtained from defeating enemies for a certain duration.
Since old times, the needy would scrape the meat clean even from a fowl's claw.
Exalted Flesh
A lump of animal flesh pickled in a medicinal solution mixed with fiery spices.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts physical attack.
Considered a delicacy in the badlands, this invigorating repast was for the exclusive benefit of those who they deem heroes.
Deathsbane Jerky
A grey colored cured liver, dried out
after pickling in a medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Boosts instant death resistance
for a short time.
Raw Meat Dumpling
A pungent raw meatball, made succulent by virtue of being on the verge of turning.
Restores HP but also poisons the user.
Not recommended for those who prefer to know the origin of their meats.
Shabriri Grape
A yellowing, oozing eyeball of the infirm. The surface is shriveled, and the inside is squishy, not unlike a large, overly-ripe grape.
Give to the blind maiden to guide her to the distant light.
Starlight Shards
An ephemeral sliver that gives off a pale blue glow.
What remains of a passing flash of starlight.
Use to gradually recover FP.
A prized item that was once used in the Eternal City as an ingredient in intoxicating draughts.
Immunizing White Cured Meat
A white sliced meat, dried out after pickling in a green medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts immunity.
Lasts longer than traditional cured meat, but with reduced effectiveness.
Invigorating White Cured Meat
A white sliced meat, dried out after pickling in a red medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts robustness.
Lasts longer than traditional cured meat, but with reduced effectiveness.
Clarifying White Cured Meat
A white sliced meat, dried out after pickling in a purple medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts focus.
Lasts longer than traditional cured meat, but with reduced effectiveness.
Dappled White Cured Meat
A white sliced meat, dried out after pickling in a dappled medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts immunity, robustness, and focus.
Lasts longer than traditional cured meat, but with reduced effectiveness.
Deathsbane White Jerky
A black-gold colored cured liver,
dried out after pickling in a medicinal solution.
Craftable item.
Boosts resistance to instant death
for a short time.
The blood has been properly drained,
giving it a longer effect than traditional
dried meat.
Fire Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of incendiary materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, adding fire damage to attacks.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Lightning Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of fulminating materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, adding lightning damage to attacks.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Magic Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of magically resonant materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, adding magic damage to attacks.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Holy Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of holy resonant materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, adding holy damage to attacks.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Blood Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of blood-red materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, inflicting blood loss.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Soporific Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of light-purple materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, inflicting sleep.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Poison Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of poison-green materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, inflicting poison.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Freezing Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of frozen materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, inflicting frost.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Dragonwound Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of Gravel Stones. Craftable item.
Coats armament, granting anti-dragon effects.
When the dragons were born from their ancient kin, they lost their stone scales, which can now be used to cause them mortal harm.
Rot Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of rotten materials. Craftable item.
Coats armament, inflicting scarlet rot.
The effect lasts only for a short time.
Drawstring Fire Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of incendiary materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting fire damage, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Lightning Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of fulminating materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting lightning damage, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Magic Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of magically resonant materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting magic damage, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Holy Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of holy resonant materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting holy damage, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Blood Grease
Blistered solid grease made from a mixture of blood-red materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting blood loss, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Soporific Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of light-purple materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting sleep, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Poison Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of poison-green materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting poison, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Drawstring Freezing Grease
Solidified grease made using Rani's
furtive arts. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats weapon, inflicting frostbite.
The women of the Carian royal family
look to the moon to guide their fates.
Rani's is a moon dark and blanketed with rime.
Drawstring Rot Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of rotten materials. Craftable item.
A short string is attached to this lump.
Quickly coats armament, inflicting scarlet rot, but with a brief effect, owing to its small size.
Shield Grease
Solidified grease made from a mixture of magically resonant materials. Craftable item.
Coats left-hand armament, boosting guarding ability and all forms of damage negation.
Primarily used on shields.
Throwing Dagger
Short dagger for throwing. It has no handguard.
The blade is polished, and its weight is expertly balanced.
Throw at enemies to deal damage.
This auxiliary weapon, used primarily to constrain an enemy's movements, can still be deadly in the right hands.
Bone Dart
Animal bone sharpened into a knife for throwing.
Craftable item.
Throw at enemies to inflict damage.
Poisonbone Dart
Animal bone sharpened into a knife for throwing, with a poison-laced tip.
Craftable item.
Throw at enemies to inflict damage and build up poison.
Kukri
A large knife used for throwing.
Its curved blade is sharp enough to slice flesh cleanly.
Throw at enemies to inflict damage and build up onset of blood loss.
This heavy throwing weapon is unsuitable for swift attacks, but is able to inflict heavy damage.
Crystal Dart
Throwing knife chiseled from impure crystal.
Craftable item.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to deal magic damage.
Long ago, it is said that a golem crafter employed a similar crystal tool.
Fan Daggers
A set of five throwing knives bundled together.
A concealed weapon cherished by the raptor assassins.
The thin knives fan out when thrown, dealing damage to the target.
Each knife deals paltry damage, but the wide range makes it suitable for constraining enemies.
Ruin Fragment
Stone fragment found near places where ruins have fallen from the sky.
Can be used for crafting, or simply for throwing at enemies.
These shards of stone are believed to have once been part of a temple in the sky.
They glow with a faint light from within.
Fetid Flesh
A lump of beast flesh pickled in egg wash.
Craftable item.
Beasts are highly attracted to its scent.
The rancid scent prevents ingestion by any
ordinary human.
Explosive Stone
A small stone with a smoldering core.
Explodes when thrown at enemies, inflicting fire damage.
Miners employ these stones as tools for rock blasting, but have long forgotten how to craft them.
Explosive Stone Clump
A clump of small stones with smoldering cores.
Explodes when thrown together at enemies, inflicting fire damage.
Miners employ these stones as tools for rock blasting, but have long forgotten how to craft them.
Poisoned Stone
A small stone with a poison core.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of poison.
Miners employ these stones as tools for pest extermination, but have long forgotten how to craft them.
Poisoned Stone Clump
A clump of small stones with poison cores.
Throw together at enemies to cause buildup of poison.
Miners employ these stones as tools for pest extermination, but have long forgotten how to craft them.
Rainbow Stone
Ruin Fragment that has undergone some simple processing.
Craftable item.
Stones such as these shine with the colors of the rainbow, making them useful markers when placed on the ground.
Can also be dropped to gauge the distance of a fall. The higher the pitch of the sound, the higher the likelihood of the fall being fatal.
Once used to entertain children on the fringes of the Lands Between.
Glowstone
Polished Ruin Fragment that shines brighter than Rainbow Stone.
Craftable item.
Emits light from the location it is placed, illuminating surroundings.
However, the effect is short-lived, and it lacks the diverse colors of rainbow stones.
May serve some benefit in dark places, or at night.
Telescope
Astrology tool used by members of the Carian royal family.
A stolen part of a larger instrument.
Allows the viewer to better see faraway things.
During the age of the Erdtree, Carian astrology withered on the vine.
The fate once writ in the night skies had been fettered by the Golden Order.
Grace Mimic
A fetish indicating the guidance of grace.
Craftable item.
Similar to grace, this fetish draws rays guiding the way, only without any sense of order.
Useful as a last resort for those who have lost their way, or for use by those who believe that unrefined guidance will lead to truer encounters.
Lantern
A small waist-worn lantern that illuminates surroundings.
Use once to turn on, and again to turn off.
While its light is dimmer than that of a torch, 
it has the advantage of freeing up the user's hands.
Blasphemous Claw
A slab of rock engraved with traces of the Rune of Death.
Can deflect the power of the Black Blade.
On the night of the dire plot, Ranni rewarded Praetor Rykard with these traces. Should the coming trespass one day transpire, they would serve as a last-resort foil, allowing Rykard to challenge Maliketh the Black Blade, the black beast of Destined Death.
Deathroot
A source that gives rise to Those Who Live in Death.
The beast clergyman, found at Bestial Sanctum in the distant east, collects and devours these roots.
On the night of the dire plot the stolen Rune of Death enabled the first Death of a demigod. Later, the Rune of Death spread across the Lands Between through the underground roots of the Greattree, sprouting in the form of Deathroot.
Soft Cotton
A soft but sturdy cotton formed from splitting open Rowa fruit in a particular manner.
Craftable item.
Attaching this cotton to the bottom of one's feet
allows for a temporary reduction in fall damage
and sound.
If you must court danger, at the very least, tread lightly.
Soap
A plant-based soap made from mushroom juice.
Craftable item.
Cleans off filth and other accumulations on the body while also slightly reducing poison buildup.
Filth covering the exterior eventually seeps inside, soiling one's very spirit.
Celestial Dew
A hidden Tear found in the Eternal City.
Also known as a Night Tear.
Allows one to carry out an Absolution at the Church of Vows, reversing all antagonizations.
Once upon a time, the stars of the night sky guided fate, and this is a recollection of those times.
Margit's Shackle
A fetish bathed in golden magic.
Shackles were used to bind the accursed people called the Omen, and these ones were made to keep a particular Omen under strictest confinement.
Though faint, the shackles still retain vestiges of power—enough to trap the once-bound Margit on earth, if only for a short time.
Mohg's Shackle
A fetish bathed in golden magic.
Shackles were used to bind the accursed people called the Omen, and these ones were made to keep a particular Omen under strictest confinement.
Though faint, the shackles still retain vestiges of power—enough to trap the once-bound Mohg on earth, if only for a short time.
Pureblood Knight's Medal
Proof that one is a glorious knight of the new Dynasty of Mohgwyn that the Lord of Blood will inaugurate.
Use to be granted audience with Mohg. Only, it is not yet time.
For Mohg yet slumbers beside the Divinity.
Be patient. The new dynasty is nigh.
Miquella's Needle
One of the unalloyed gold needles that Miquella crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods.
Capable of subduing the flame of frenzy if inherited, allowing one to cheat fate and avoid becoming Lord of Frenzied Flame.
However, the needle is as yet unfinished and can only be used in the heart of the storm beyond time said to be found in Faram Azula.
Prattling Pate "Hello"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "Hello."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Prattling Pate "Thank you"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "Thank you."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Prattling Pate "Apologies"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "Apologies."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Prattling Pate "Wonderful"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "Wonderful."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Prattling Pate "Please help"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "Please help."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Prattling Pate "My beloved"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "My beloved."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Expressions of love are among the most fickle.
Prattling Pate "Let's get to it"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a human head.
Emits a voice that says "Let's get to it."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Prattling Pate "You're beautiful"
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a demi-human head.
Emits a voice that says "You're beautiful."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Unconditional love. Unrestrained assurance.
It must have been a mother speaking.
Golden Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold.
Use to gain a small number of runes.
Runes are nourishment for the development of any Tarnished. Provided a Finger Maiden can be found...
Golden Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold.
Use to gain runes.
Even now, runes are still imbued with the power of life itself. Do you see the Erdtree towering o'er?
Golden Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain many runes.
Those born at the foot of the Erdtree are blessed. At least, that is the enduring belief of the people of the plateau.
Golden Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain a great many runes.
The grace of gold blessed those who were first to serve it with the most vivid coloration.
Numen's Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain a multitude of runes.
The Numen are said to have come from outside the Lands Between, and are in fact of the same stock as Queen Marika herself.
Hero's Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain an abundance of runes.
There were once heroes who walked the battlefields, abundantly blessed by the Erdtree itself, who upon earning their honor simply died.
Lord's Rune
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; true vestiges of gold.
Use to gain an enormous abundance of runes.
Runes of one who was destined to become a Lord, but when the Elden Ring was shattered, all that remained was a distant duty.
Remembrance of the Grafted
Remembrance of Godrick, the Grafted, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A feeble man sought power through the grotesque act of grafting. "One day we'll return together, to our home, bathed in rays of gold."
Remembrance of the Starscourge
Remembrance of Starscourge Radahn, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Red Lion General wielded gravitational powers which he learned in Sellia during his younger days. All so he would never have to abandon his beloved but scrawny steed.
Remembrance of the Omen King
Remembrance of Morgott, the Omen King, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Though born one of the graceless Omen, Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector. He loved not in return, for he was never loved, but nevertheless, love it he did.
Remembrance of the Blasphemous
Remembrance of Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Rykard took the form of a giant serpent that he might devour, grow, and live eternally. "I understand. The road of blasphemy is long and perilous. One cannot walk it unprepared to sin."
Remembrance of the Rot Goddess
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
Remembrance of the Blood Lord
Remembrance of Mohg, Lord of Blood, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Wishing to raise Miquella to full godhood, Mohg wished to become his consort, taking the role of monarch. But no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, he received no response from the young Empyrean.
Remembrance of the Black Blade
Remembrance of Maliketh, the Black Blade, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Maliketh was a shadowbound beast given to his Empyrean. Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. Even then, she betrayed him.
Remembrance of Hoarah Loux
Remembrance of the warrior Hoarah Loux, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
When Godfrey, first Elden Lord was robbed of his grace, becoming Tarnished, he took with him his kinfolk and left the Lands Between.
After the Long March of the Tarnished came to an end, Godfrey divested himself of kingship, becoming a simple warrior once more.
Remembrance of the Dragonlord
Remembrance of Dragonlord Placidusax, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Dragonlord whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time is said to have been Elden Lord in the age before the Erdtree. Once his god was fled, the lord continued to await its return.
Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen
Remembrance of Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
In her youth, Rennala was a prominent champion who charmed the academy with her lunar magic, becoming its master. She also led the Glintstone Knights and established the house of Caria as royalty.
Remembrance of the Lichdragon
Remembrance of Lichdragon Fortissax, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
After Godwyn the Golden became the Prince of Death, the ancient dragon fought long and hard against the Death within its companion. Alas, victory was never achieved and its only reward was corruption.
Remembrance of the Fire Giant
Remembrance of Fire Giant, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Fire Giant is a survivor of the War against the Giants. Upon realizing the flames of their forge would never die, Queen Marika marked him with a curse. "O trifling giant, mayest thou tend thy flame for eternity."
Remembrance of the Regal Ancestor
Remembrance of the Regal Ancestor Spirit, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Ancestral spirits exist as a phenomenon beyond the purview of the Erdtree. Life sprouts from death, as it does from birth. Such is the way of the living.
Elden Remembrance
Remembrance of the Elden Beast, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
It was the vassal beast of the Greater Will and living incarnation of the concept of Order.
Remembrance of the Naturalborn
Remembrance of Astel, Naturalborn of the Void, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader.
Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A malformed star born in the lightless void far away. Once destroyed an Eternal City and took away their sky. An falling star of ill omen.
Lands Between Rune
Grace said to have once dwelled in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain many runes.
No grace resides in the eyes of the Tarnished; if it ever did, it is now lost.
Ancestral Infant's Head
Skull of a very young ancestral spirit. Just think how many sproutings It might bear.
Uses FP to spray spirit vapor inflicting magic damage.
The vapor becomes a temporary geyser which deals continuous damage to everything it touches until it disappears.
Omen Bairn
Doll of a curseborn bairn.
Uses FP to unleash wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies have all their horns excised, causing most to perish. These fetishes are made to memorialize them.
"Please, don't hate me, or curse me. Please."
Regal Omen Bairn
Doll of a curseborn bairn from the Erdtree's royal line.
Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for eternity.
These memorial fetishes are fashioned in secret.
Miranda's Prayer
This statuette depicts a flower that preys on humans, posed in prayer.
Uses FP to call down a deluge of light.
Miranda, maiden of the Flower Crucible is said to have been the very first of this breed.
Cuckoo Glintstone
Lump of broken glintstone enwreathed with magic power. A "faux sorcery" used by the Knights of the Cuckoo. Craftable item.
Launched straight ahead, using FP. A magic bolt springs forth from the point of impact.
Mimic's Veil
Golden veil of intricate design.
Uses FP to mimic nearby objects.
When Godrick was hounded from Leyndell, the Royal Capital, this was one of a multitude of treasures he took with him. Also known as "Marika's Mischief."
Glintstone Scrap
Piece of glintstone tinged with unstable magic. Found in crystal tunnels.
Break gem, using FP to produce a magic bolt.
Poor quality and thereby easily broken, a sorcerer wouldn't give it a second look.
Large Glintstone Scrap
Large piece of glintstone tinged with unstable magic. Found in crystal tunnels.
Break gem, using FP to produce a magic bolt.
Poor quality and thereby easily broken, a sorcerer wouldn't give it a second look.
Gravity Stone Fan
Shard of rock found in the wake of a meteorite strike.
It is imbued with a particularly weighty magic.
Uses FP to emit gravitational shockwave.
The desperate ones who scavenge for these shards dub themselves "starcallers."
Gravity Stone Chunk
Shard of rock found in the wake of a meteorite strike.
It is imbued with a particularly weighty magic.
Throw at enemies, using FP to cause a gravitational explosion.
The desperate ones who scavenge for these shards dub themselves "starcallers."
Wraith Calling Bell
Bell used by worshippers of revenants.
Ring bell, using FP to summon prowling wraiths. This can be done multiple times in a row.
Wraiths are said to be the vengeful spirits of those who died when cursed.
Holy Water Grease
Grease which holds the blessing of the Erdtree.
Craftable item.
Consumes FP when coated on weapon, allowing
it to deal magical damage and purify those who
have lived beyond death.
There is no place in the Golden Order for those
who have exceeded life's bounds. These blemishes
must be hunted down by the Virtuous.
Warming Stone
Ruin Fragment blessed with an incantation of the Two Fingers. Craftable item.
Uses FP to generate warmth, continuously restoring the HP of those nearby.
It's said that the Erdtree was once as warm as the gentle sun, and would gradually heal all who bathed in its rays.
Frenzyflame Stone
Ruin Fragment blessed with an incantation of the Three Fingers. Craftable item.
Uses FP to generate warmth, continuously restoring the HP of those who host the frenzied flame.
Confers madness upon those who have not adopted the flame. Take care not to mistake this for its gentler cousin.
Scriptstone
Ruin Fragment with a cipher inscription.
Craftable item.
Uses FP to reveal more messages from other worlds.
Words are gregarious things, drawn to one another much as people are.
Bewitching Branch
Tree branch blessed with an incantation of unalloyed gold.
Craftable item.
Pierce a foe, using FP to turn them into a temporary ally.
The Empyrean Miquella is loved by many people. Indeed, he has learned very well how to compel such affection.
Baldachin's Blessing
Favor bestowed by a deathbed companion. Protection of a hidden temple in the guise of a bedchamber.
Uses FP to temporarily boost poise.
The favor allows one to forget any aches and pains. In Death, there is only peace, for in Death, there can be no sensation.
Radiant Baldachin's Blessing
Protection of a hidden temple in the guise of a bedchamber. This blessing is of the utmost rarity.
Uses FP to temporarily raise poise.
The effect lasts longer than a mere favor.
It's said a deathbed companion will only produce a blessing of this kind for a champion but once in her entire life. The sole blessing which she imbues of her own volition.
Uplifting Aromatic
Art of the perfumers who fought in the Shattering.
Craftable with a perfume bottle.
Uses FP to raise the attack power of the user and nearby allies while also reducing the damage from one incoming attack by half.
This aromatic has an extremely potent morale-raising effect that makes those accustomed to it fearless in the face of death. It was this influence that made the perfumers exceptional commanders.
Spark Aromatic
Art of the perfumers who fought In the Shattering.
Craftable with a perfume bottle.
Uses FP to broadly scatter sparks in a wide arc straight ahead.
Though fire was prohibited to those who served the Erdtree, this rule was forgotten as the war drew ever on.
Ironjar Aromatic
Forbidden art of depraved perfumers.
Craftable with a perfume bottle.
Uses FP to temporarily turn body to steel, boosting poise, resistances and damage negation at the expense of mobility and vulnerability to lightning.
An art that requires fragments of hunted noble jars. Depraved perfumers are plainly in league with jar poachers.
Bloodboil Aromatic
Forbidden art of depraved perfumers.
Craftable with a perfume bottle.
Uses FP to enter a temporary state of fervor, raising maximum attack power and stamina while also increasing damage received.
"Even upon the battlefield, do you fear being wounded? Take a good look. Your limbs are frozen stiff."
Poison Spraymist
Forbidden art of depraved perfumers.
Craftable with a perfume bottle.
Uses FP to release a poison mist from user's mouth, causing a buildup of poison.
Perfumed powder is held in the mouth to dissolve before being expelled. It was once a restorative art, or so it is said.
Acid Spraymist
Forbidden art of depraved perfumers.
Craftable with a perfume bottle.
Uses FP to release an acidic mist from user's mouth, damaging armaments and temporarily lowering attack power.
Perfumed powder is held in the mouth to dissolve before being expelled. It was once a restorative art, or so it is said.
Glintstone Pebble
The most basic glintstone sorcery of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
The glintstone serves as a conduit, launching magical projectiles at foes.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion.
This is a universal first step on the journey to true knowledge of sorcery.
Great Glintstone Shard
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
The glintstone serves as a conduit, launching large magical projectiles at foes.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion.
Those unworthy of the stone crown typically end their brief journey into sorcery here.
Swift Glintstone Shard
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
The glintstone serves as a conduit, launching swift magical projectiles at foes.
This sorcery can be used without delay after performing another action.
Those unworthy of the stone crown typically end their brief journey into sorcery here.
Glintstone Cometshard
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires a magical comet with a trailing tail.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging enhances potency.
A sorcery of the Karolos Conspectus, the most venerable of the academy.
Comet
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires a great magical comet.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging enhances potency.
The greatest of the Karolos Conspectus's sorceries, that only a very few sorcerers have ever mastered.
Shard Spiral
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires twin projectiles that form a spiral as they travel. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion.
Charging enhances potency.
A sorcery of the Karolos Conspectus, the most venerable of the academy. This was the product of a failed attempt to create a new comet.
Glintstone Stars
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires three magic shooting stars that pursue the target.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances potency.
A sorcery of the Olivinus Conspectus, which attracts sorcerers from Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Star Shower
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires six magic shooting stars that pursue the target.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances potency.
The most difficult to master of the Olivinus Conspectus sorceries.
Crystal Barrage
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires a volley of glintstone crystal shards.
Charging increases potency.
A sorcery of the Crystal Cadre, a group of sorcerers who pursue the wisdom of stone—the secrets locked in the faint cogitation of the Crystalians.
Glintstone Arc
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires a horizontal arc of magic that spreads outward.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion.
Granted to sorcerers who depart from the academy to embark on journeys, in order to fend off large groups of would-be adversaries. Fools often roam in packs.
Cannon of Haima
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Lobs an explosive magic projectile that flies in an arc.
Charging enhances potency.
Drawn from the conspectus of Haima, the adjudicator of the academy, this sorcery employs might as a means to quell conflict.
Crystal Burst
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Fires a burst of glintstone crystal shards.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging increases potency.
A sorcery of the Crystal Cadre, a group of sorcerers who pursued the wisdom of stone—the secrets locked in the faint cogitation of the Crystalians.
Shatter Earth
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Imbues the ferrule of the caster's staff with magic, then thrusts it into the ground to create a magical shockwave.
Allows one follow-up attack.
A Stonedigger sorcery used by the glintstone miners of the crystal tunnel. At the academy, use of this sorcery was a stigma that marked out failed scholars.
Rock Blaster
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Imbues the ferrule of the caster's staff with magic, then thrusts it into the ground to create a massive magical shockwave.
Hold to continue moving without striking the ground, and then push the end of the staff into enemies.
An enhanced version of the glintstone miners' Stonedigger sorcery.
Gavel of Haima
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Creates a magical greathammer and slams it down.
Allows one follow-up attack.
Drawn from the scholarly conspectus of Haima, the adjudicator of the academy, this sorcery employs might as a means to quell conflict.
Terra Magicus
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Draws an academy sigil upon the ground, raising the magic strength of those within.
Once, the sigil would be cast from the highest belfry of the academy, covering the entire institution's grounds. This spell allows such vivid experience of spell-casting success, it turns many a fledgling into a true sorcerer in a flash of newfound understanding.
Starlight
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Creates a small, floating star light that illuminates surroundings.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Granted to sorcerers who depart from the academy to embark on journeys. Even during the blackest nights, sojourns underground, or imprisonment in gaol, the stars are never far from a sorcerer's side.
Comet Azur
Legendary sorcery devised by Azur, primeval sorcerer.
Fires a tremendous comet in a torrent akin to the distant starry expanse, the place said to be the origin of glintstone.
Hold to continue releasing the sorcery's power.
When Azur glimpsed into the primeval current, he saw darkness. He was left both bewitched and fearful of the abyss.
Founding Rain of Stars
The eldest primeval sorcery, said to have been discovered by an ancient astrologer. A sorcery of legendary status.
Summons a dark cloud of stars overhead. Shortly after, the cloud will release a violent deluge of star rain. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging increases potency.
Thought to be the founding glintstone sorcery. The glimpse of the primeval current that the astrologer saw became real, and the stars' amber rained down on this land.
Stars of Ruin
Legendary sorcery devised by Lusat, primeval sorcerers.
Fires twelve dark shooting stars that pursue the target.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging increases potency.
When Lusat glimpsed into the primeval current, he beheld the final moments of a great star cluster, and upon seeing it, he too was broken.
Glintblade Phalanx
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Creates a defensive arch of magic glintblades overhead, which automatically attack nearby foes.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Bestowed upon the enchanted Carian knights, who combined this art with their swordsmanship to maintain pressure upon their foes, striking in waves of steel and sorcery.
Carian Phalanx
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Creates a defensive arch of numerous magic glintblades overhead, which automatically attack nearby foes.
This sorcery can be used cast while in motion.
An enhanced version of the glintblade sorcery used by enchanted knights.
Greatblade Phalanx
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Creates a defensive arch of larger magic glintblades overhead, which automatically attack nearby foes.
Used by the enchanted troll knights.
They were the comrades of the young Rennala, bound by oath.
Rennala's Full Moon
Sorcery associated with the Carian queen.
Uses the caster as a vessel to incarnate a full moon, then sends it floating toward foes. The full moon dispels all sorcery that touches it, and temporarily reduces magic damage negation for those it strikes.
Queen Rennala encountered this enchanting moon when she was young, and later, it would bewitch the academy.
Ranni's Dark Moon
Legendary sorcery associated with the Carian queen.
Uses the caster as a vessel to incarnate a cold, dark moon, then sends it floating toward foes. The dark moon dispels all sorcery that touches it, and temporarily reduces magic damage negation for those it strikes.
This moon was encountered by a young Ranni, led by the hand of her mother, Rennala. What she beheld was cold, dark, and veiled in occult mystery.
Magic Downpour
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Summons a mass of magic that fires projectiles over a wide area.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging extends duration.
Said to have been taught by the Crystalians to mark the swearing of the old concord.
Loretta's Greatbow
Sorcery used by Royal Knight Loretta.
Creates a magic greatbow and fires a great arrow.
Charging enhances potency. Hold to keep the great arrow nocked.
It is said that the bow was Loretta's favored weapon.
Loretta's Mastery
Sorcery used by Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree.
Creates a magic greatbow and fires four great arrows simultaneously.
Charging enhances potency. Hold to keep the great arrows nocked.
Developed by Loretta after her long, bloody journey to seek out a place where the Albinaurics could live in peace.
Magic Glintblade
An old sorcery of the Carian royal family.
Creates a sigil overhead, from which an enemy-seeking glintblade appears after a brief delay.
This sorcery can be used while in motion. Charging increases the delay.
Said to be the prototype of the sword-phalanx sorceries wielded by royal enchanted knights.
Glintstone Icecrag
Sorcery said to have been used by the old snow witch.
The glintstone serves as a conduit, launching a mass of cold magic.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion.
The snowy crone taught the young Ranni to fear the dark moon as she imparted her cold sorcery.
Zamor Ice Storm
Ice sorcery of the Town of Zamor.
Strike the ground with the staff to create a freezing tornado.
Charging enhances potency.
Cloaked in icy tempests, the knights of Zamor have challenged the Fire Giants since ancient times.
Freezing Mist
Sorcery said to have been used by the old snow witch.
Releases a cold mist before the caster.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances range of the mist.
The snowy crone taught the young Ranni to fear the dark moon as she imparted her cold sorcery.
Carian Greatsword
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Conjures a magic greatsword and then delivers a sweeping blow.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly.
Armed with this spell, sorcerers gain the strength of knights, their loyalty sworn to the moon.
Adula's Moonblade
Sorcery of Adula, the Glintstone Dragon.
Conjures a cold magic greatsword, then delivers a sweeping blow that launches a blade-like projectile of frost.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly.
Adula, a devourer of sorcerers, was bested by Ranni and subsequently swore a knightly oath to her Dark Moon.
Carian Slicer
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Conjures a magic sword and delivers a swift sweeping slash. 
This sorcery can be used without delay after performing another action.
Even among the Carian sword sorceries, this is a notably effective technique.
Carian Piercer
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Conjures a magic greatsword to impale foes.
Charging lengthens the initial step in.
This sorcery forms a counterpart to Carian Greatsword.
Highly lethal when used against single foes riding alone.
Scholar's Armament
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Enchants armament held in the right hand with magic-affinity attacks.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Taught to the Knights of the Cuckoo by the academy as payment for their contract.
Scholar's Shield
One of the glintstone sorceries of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Enchants shield held in the left hand with additional damage negation.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Taught to the Knights of the Cuckoo by the academy as payment for their contract.
Lucidity
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Alleviates buildup of sleep and madness.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
The Carian knights never waver.
Frozen Armament
Sorcery said to have been used by the old snow witch.
Enchants armament held in the right hand with frost.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
The snowy crone taught the young Ranni to fear the dark moon as she imparted her cold sorcery.
Shattering Crystal
Sorcery of the mysterious Crystalians.
Creates a mass of crystal, then shatters it in a forward burst.
Charging enhances potency.
The Crystalians are inorganic beings, yet they live. They cleave close to the ideals of the primeval current, and as such, they are revered guests of the sorcerers.
Crystal Release
Sorcery of the mysterious Crystalians.
Creates a mass of crystal, then shatters it to scour a wide area with a violent rain of crystal shards.
This sorcery is used by high-ranking adepts among the Crystalians. Some also call this sorcery "the Crystal Sun."
Crystal Torrent
Sorcery of the mysterious Crystalians.
Creates a mass of crystal, then fires off shards in rapid succession.
Hold to continue firing shards.
The wrath of the Crystalians encapsulated in sorcery. Each shard is of substantial size, making even a stray blow capable of inflicting a severe wound.
Ambush Shard
One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Launches a projectile from a distance removed from the caster, so as to strike the enemy from behind.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly.
The Sellian sorcerers were assassins, and it is said that they often hunted their fellows.
Night Shard
One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Swiftly fires a semi-invisible projectile.
This sorcery can be used without delay after performing another action.
The Sellian sorcerers were assassins, and it is said that they often hunted their fellows.
Night Comet
One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Fires a semi-invisible magic comet.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly and while in motion. Charging enhances potency.
The Sellian sorcerers were assassins, and it is said that they often hunted their fellows.
Thops's Barrier
The lifelong pursuit of Thops the Bluntstone.
Creates a magic forcefield that deflects sorceries and incantations.
Hold to continuously create barriers.
Future generations will learn. They will know the foolishness of the sneering sorcerers who ridiculed this theory, little realizing that it was in fact a discovery worthy of a new conspectus of the academy.
Carian Retaliation
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Swing your staff to dispel incoming sorceries and incantations, using their power to retaliate with glintblades.
This was the Carian royal family's secret means to prepare against the disloyalty of the academy. The moon and stars would one day go their separate ways.
Eternal Darkness
Forbidden sorcery of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Creates a space of darkness that draws in sorceries and incantations.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Originally a lost sorcery of the Eternal City; the despair that brought about its ruin made manifest.
Unseen Blade
One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Enchants armament held in right hand, making it completely invisible.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Used by Sellian assassins to present themselves as unarmed sorcerers.
Unseen Form
One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Makes the caster semi-invisible.
While on horseback, effect extends to cover the mount.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
The Sellian assassins considered every option that aided their dirty work.
Meteorite
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Summons a void that emits a rain of small meteorites.
Hold to continue the effect.
This sorcery originates from the Onyx Lords, who had skin of stone, and were called lords in reverential fear of their destructive power.
Meteorite of Astel
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Summons a void that emits a hail of meteorites.
Hold to continue the effect.
A manifestation of the power with which Astel leveled the Eternal City.
Rock Sling
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Pulls a clump of rocks from the earth and sends them flying.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
A gravitational technique studied by the young Radahn. His master was an Alabaster Lord with skin of stone.
Gravity Well
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Fires a projectile of condensed gravitational force. Those struck by it will be pulled toward the caster.
Charging enhances potency.
A gravitational technique studied by the young Radahn. His master was an Alabaster Lord with skin of stone.
Collapsing Stars
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Fires numerous gravitational projectiles. Any foes struck will be pulled toward the caster.
Charging enhances potency.
A gravitational technique mastered by the young Radahn.
"I thank you for your tutelage, for now I can challenge the stars."
Magma Shot
One of the sorceries developed from the magma of Mt. Gelmir.
Fires a lump of magma that explodes on contact.
Charging enhances potency.
After discovering the ancient hexes of Gelmir, Rykard, son of Queen Rennala, brought them back into practical use as new forms of sorcery.
Gelmir's Fury
One of the sorceries developed from the magma of Mt. Gelmir.
Conjures a surge of magma from the earth, covering the area.
Charging extends the surge of magma.
This sorcery is held to represent the fury of the volcano, but the arrogance of attempting to harness it is solely that of men and serpents.
Roiling Magma
One of the sorceries developed from the magma of Mt. Gelmir.
Fires a lump of condensed magma that explodes a short delay after hitting the target.
Charging enhances potency and further delays the explosion.
After discovering the ancient hexes of Gelmir, Rykard, son of Queen Rennala, brought them back into practical use as new forms of sorcery.
Rykard's Rancor
The terrible power of Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy.
Summons searing spirits that leave a trail of delayed explosions in their wake.
These spirits manifest from the rancor of heroes who met a violent end. The lord granted them an audience, whereupon they were welcomed by the maw of the great serpent—and within the serpent's bowels, they became the lord's kin.
Briars of Sin
An aberrant sorcery discovered by exiled criminals.
Theirs are the sorceries most reviled by the academy.
Wounds the caster with thorns of sin, creating a spiral of bloodthorns.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly, up to three times.
The guilty, their eyes gouged by thorns, lived in eternal darkness. There, they discovered the blood star.
Briars of Punishment
An aberrant sorcery discovered by exiled criminals.
Theirs are the sorceries most reviled by the academy.
Wounds the caster with thorns of sin, sending a trail of bloodthorns running over the ground to impale enemies from below.
This sorcery can be cast repeatedly.
The guilty, their eyes gouged by thorns, lived in eternal darkness. There, they discovered the blood star.
Rancorcall
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Summons vengeful spirits that chase down foes.
Charging enhances potency.
Once thought lost, this ancient death hex was rediscovered by the necromancer Garris.
Ancient Death Rancor
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Summons a horde of vengeful spirits that chase down foes. Charging enhances potency.
They are cinders of the ancient death hex, raked from the fires of ghostflame by Deathbirds.
Explosive Ghostflame
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Strike the ground with the staff, triggering an explosion of ghostflame that burns the surrounding area.
In the time when there was no Erdtree, death was burned in ghostflame. Deathbirds were the keepers of that fire.
Fia's Mist
Sorcery of Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
Creates a deathly mist before the caster, which inflicts Death blight upon those who enter.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances range of the mist.
This sorcery was developed to oppose the Roundtable Hold, and is effective only against the Tarnished.
Tibia's Summons
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Summons a group of Those Lost in Death.
Three skeletons will appear some distance from the caster and attack foes before disappearing.
The dead have long been left to wander; what they need is leadership. 
Death Lightning
Incantation that channels the power of the ancient dragon Fortissax, now corrupted by Death.
Strikes surroundings with a storm of Death lightning.
Inflicts Death blight upon foes.
Charging extends duration of the storm.
It said that this golden lightning was wielded by Godwyn, who befriended Fortissax.
Oracle Bubbles
Sorcery of the claymen who served as priests in the ancient dynasty.
Produces several small magical bubbles that drift towards foes before they naturally pop.
Charging increases the delay before the bubbles pop.
The claymen search for lost oracles within their bubbles.
Great Oracular Bubble
Sorcery of the claymen who served as priests in the ancient dynasty.
Produces a gigantic magical bubble that drifts towards foes before it naturally ruptures.
Charging increases the delay before the bubble pops.
The claymen search for lost oracles within their bubbles.
Catch Flame
Incantation originating from a sinister prophecy.
Momentarily sparks flame from the caster's hand.
This incantation can be cast without delay after performing another action.
The flame of ruin is anathema to the Erdtree. But prophets sometimes glimpse it within the faith all the same. Sadly when this occurs their sole reward is banishment.
O, Flame!
Incantation of the Fire Monks.
Momentarily sparks roaring flame from the caster's hand.
Charging enhances potency.
The Giants' Flame still smolders upon the distant northern mountaintop, and the Fire Monks are its guardians.
Flame Sling
Incantation originating from a sinister prophecy.
Throws a ball of raging fire.
Charging enhances potency and causes the ball of fire to explode.
The flame of ruin is anathema to the Erdtree. But prophets sometimes glimpse it within the faith all the same. Sadly when this occurs their sole reward is banishment.
Flame, Fall Upon Them
One of the incantations that draws directly from the power of the Fire Giants.
Hurls several balls of fire at once.
Charging enhances potency and causes the balls of fire to explode.
There is no record of this incantation in common prayerbooks. Only a select few prelates know of its existence.
Whirl, O Flame!
Superior incantation of the Fire Monks.
Creates a spiraling stream of fire that burns the area before the caster.
Charging enhances potency and reach.
Fire beguiles those who gaze into it. And so the guardians of the Flame are also its worshippers.
Flame, Cleanse Me
One of the incantations of the Fire Monks.
Creates a fire within that burns away toxins.
Alleviates poison and scarlet rot buildup and cures these ailments.
This incantation leaves the caster with subtle burns—a reminder that they must fear the flame.
Flame, Grant Me Strength
Superior incantation of the Fire Monks.
Creates an invigorating fire within that enhances physical and fire-affinity attack power.
This incantation does not burn the caster, and so it is considered forbidden by the guardians of the Flame.
Flame, Protect Me
The most ancient of the Fire Monks' incantations.
Creates a fire within that greatly increases fire damage negation.
It is said that this incantation was used during the War against the Giants long ago, during which it protected the champions of the Erdtree.
Giantsflame Take Thee
One of the incantations that draws directly from the power of the Fire Giants.
Hurls a massive ball of raging fire.
Charging enhances potency and causes the ball of fire to explode.
There is no record of this incantation in common prayerbooks. Only a select few prelates know of its existence.
Flame of the Fell God
This legendary incantation is one of several that draws directly from the power of the Fire Giants.
Releases a ball of raging fire said to be inhabited by a fell god. The fireball floats toward enemies and explodes, setting the area ablaze.
Arghanthy, the chief guardian of the Flame, had kept this incantation a well-kept secret until it was stolen by Adan. The fell god still lurks within the Fire Giants.
Burn, O Flame!
One of the incantations that draws directly from the power of the Fire Giants.
Raises a series of flame pillars around the caster.
Charging further increases the number of flame pillars.
The Fire Giants borrowed from the power of a fell god, and still they were defeated. Yet their failure released them from their solitary curse: to serve as keepers of the Flame for eternity.
Black Flame
A black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Throws a ball of raging black fire.
Charging enhances potency and causes the fireball to explode.
Black flame is weighty. After dealing damage it continues to sap foes' HP for a very short time.
Surge, O Flame!
Superior incantation of the Fire Monks.
Creates a stream of fire to burn the area before the caster.
This incantation can be cast while in motion. Hold to maintain the effect.
The Giants' Flame is the flame of ruin, capable of burning the Erdtree. And so, following the War against the Giants, its ruinous blaze was sealed, and guardians were appointed to watch over it.
Scouring Black Flame
A black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Sweeps a wide area before the caster with black flame.
Charging enhances range.
The black flame could once slay gods. But when Maliketh sealed Destined Death, the true power of the black flame was lost.
Black Flame Ritual
Superior black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Summons a circle of black flame pillars around the caster.
Charging increases the size of the circle.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen led the apostles. It is said that she was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers.
Black Flame Blade
A black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Engulfs armament held in the right hand with black flame.
This incantation can be cast without delay after performing another action.
Black flame is weighty. After dealing damage it continues to sap foes' HP for a very short time.
Black Flame's Protection
A black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Summons black fire within, increasing physical damage negation. However, sacred flasks and other such forms of HP restoration are impaired.
The Apostles were all embraced by the Gloam-Eyed Queen, and the black flame was their armor within.
Noble Presence
Ancient power of the Godskin Nobles.
Thrust out belly with gusto to produce a shockwave that knocks back nearby foes.
Charging enhances potency, knocking enemies into the air.
Once a sign of the gods' wrath, this incantation became a trophy of the Nobles' god hunt.
Bloodflame Talons
A Blood Oath incantation, granted by the Lord of Blood.
Creates bloodflame lacerations before the caster, which explode in an instant.
This incantation can be cast repeatedly.
After dealing damage, bloodflame continues to build up onset of blood loss for a very short time.
Bloodboon
Sacred incantation of Mohg, Lord of Blood.
Thrust arm into the body of the Formless Mother, then scatter the bloodflame to set the area ablaze.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
The mother of truth craves wounds. When Mohg stood before her, deep underground, his accursed blood erupted with fire, and he was besotted with the defilement that he was born into.
Bloodflame Blade
A Blood Oath incantation, granted by the Lord of Blood.
Engulfs armament held in the right hand with bloodflame.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
After dealing damage, bloodflame continues to build up onset of blood loss for a very short time.
Barrier of Gold
One of the incantations of Erdtree Worship.
Greatly increases magic damage negation for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
This incantation was used by the champions of the Erdtree in the First and Second Liurnian Wars, during which the red-haired Radagon joined the heroes' ranks.
Protection of the Erdtree
A superior incantation of Erdtree Worship.
Increase damage negation for all affinities except physical, for both the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
In the beginning, everything was in opposition to the Erdtree. But through countless victories in war, it became the embodiment of Order.
Rejection
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Produces a shockwave that knocks back nearby foes.
Charging increases the size of the shockwave.
Hark, Tarnished! If you truly walk in faith, you must be prepared to reject all else.
Wrath of Gold
Superior Erdtree Worship incantation.
Produces a golden shockwave that knocks back nearby foes.
Charging increases the size of the shockwave.
This incantation was discovered when the Elden Ring was shattered, and it was feared as a sign of the Erdtree's wrath.
Urgent Heal
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Heals a small amount of HP.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
The Two Fingers has high hopes for the Tarnished; that even if they should be wounded, even should they fall, they will continue to fight for their duty.
Heal
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Heals HP for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
The Two Fingers has high hopes for the Tarnished; that even if they should be wounded, even should they fall, they will continue to fight for their duty.
Great Heal
Superior incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Greatly heals HP for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
The Two Fingers has high hopes for the Tarnished; that even if they should be wounded, even should they fall, they will continue to fight for their duty.
Lord's Heal
Incantation bestowed by the Two Fingers upon the Tarnished deemed worthy of becoming a lord.
Heals a massive amount of HP for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
Tarnished—O, Tarnished! Seek the Erdtree and stand before Marika, its Queen. Become the Elden Lord!
Erdtree Heal
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Heals a vast amount of HP for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
The Erdtree once flourished with abundance—yet it was only for a fleeting moment. Such is the course of all life.
Blessing's Boon
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Grants a blessing to the caster and nearby allies, gradually restoring HP.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
Blessings once fell like tears from the Erdtree, and this incantation is but a lingering remnant of their power.
Blessing of the Erdtree
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Grants a greater blessing to the caster and nearby allies, gradually restoring a large amount of HP.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
The Erdtree once flourished with abundance—yet it was only for a fleeting moment. Such is the course of all life.
Cure Poison
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Alleviates poison buildup and cures poison.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
The Two Fingers has high hopes for the Tarnished; that even if they should be wounded, even should they fall, they will continue to fight for their duty.
Lord's Aid
Incantation bestowed by the Two Fingers upon the Tarnished deemed worthy of becoming a lord.
Alleviates buildup of poison, blood loss, and sleep for the caster and nearby allies. Additionally, cures poison.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
Flame Fortification
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Increases fire damage negation.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Follow the path that has been set for you, and you will make enemies of all others: the monks, the sorcerers, the ancient dragon knights, and the scions of gold. Heed me—the Lands Between offers no welcome to the Tarnished.
Magic Fortification
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Increases magic damage negation.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Follow the path that has been set for you, and you will make enemies of all others: the monks, the sorcerers, the ancient dragon knights, and the scions of gold. Heed me—the Lands Between offers no welcome to the Tarnished.
Lightning Fortification
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Increases lightning damage negation.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Follow the path that has been set for you, and you will make enemies of all others: the monks, the sorcerers, the ancient dragon knights, and the scions of gold. Heed me—the Lands Between offers no welcome to the Tarnished.
Divine Fortification
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Increases holy damage negation.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Follow the path that has been set for you, and you will make enemies of all others: the monks, the sorcerers, the ancient dragon knights, and the scions of gold. Heed me—the Lands Between offers no welcome to the Tarnished.
Lord's Divine Fortification
Incantation taught to Gideon the All-Knowing by the Two Fingers.
Greatly increases holy damage negation for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
Gideon gained true knowledge after his long exchange with the Two Fingers—discovering all had been broken long ago; that the trembling fingers, bent with age, and the Erdtree itself, were no exception.
Night Maiden's Mist
One of the night sorceries of Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
Releases a life-sapping silver mist before the caster, dealing damage to all caught within, including the caster.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion.
Below Sellia, the Eternal City of Nokron sleeps. This sorcery originates from the maiden of that place.
Assassin's Approach
Incantation of the Two Fingers' servants, who once served as the assassins of the Roundtable Hold.
Completely silences the footsteps of the caster. Additionally, reduces fall damage and the sound produced by falling.
This sorcery can be cast while in motion or crouching.
The assassins were charged with eliminating Tarnished who had strayed from guidance.
Shadow Bait
Incantation of the Two Fingers' servants, who once served as the assassins of the Roundtable Hold.
Creates a pale gold shadow before the caster, luring foes of human build and attracting their aggression.
This incantation can be cast while in motion or crouching, and will still affect foes that are already in a combat state.
It is said that those beguiled by the shadow see within it a hated foe.
Darkness
Incantation of the Two Fingers' servants, who once served as the assassins of the Roundtable Hold.
Creates a veil of darkness that conceals the caster.
This incantation can be cast while in motion or crouching.
The assassins were themselves once Tarnished who had strayed from guidance, and they pursued their duty in the darkness that is without grace.
Golden Vow
An incantation of Erdtree Worship.
Increases attack power and defense for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
This incantation has been taught to knights of the royal capital for generations, and knights sent on distant expeditions lean on it as a source of courage.
Discus of Light
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Produces a ring of light and fires it forwards. The ring of light returns to a position close to the caster before disappearing.
This incantation can be cast repeatedly.
A gift from the young Miquella to his father, Radagon.
Triple Rings of Light
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Produces three rings of light and fires them forwards. The rings of light return to a position close to the caster before disappearing.
This incantation can be cast repeatedly.
A gift from the young Miquella to his father, Radagon.
Radagon's Rings of Light
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
A gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father, Radagon.
Produces a golden ring of light and fires it across a wide area.
Charging enhances range.
And yet, the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of unalloyed gold.
Elden Stars
This legendary incantation is the most ancient of those that derive from the Erdtree.
Creates a stream of golden shooting stars that assail the area.
It is said that long ago, the Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the Lands Between, which would later become the Elden Ring.
Law of Regression
Incantation of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
One of the key fundamentals.
Heals all negative statuses, dispels special effects, and reveals mimicry in all its forms.
The fundamentalists describe the Golden Order through the powers of regression and causality. Regression is the pull of meaning; that all things yearn eternally to converge.
Immutable Shield
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Enchants shield held in the left hand with the light of regression, increasing all forms of non-physical damage negation and ailment resistance.
Two concepts form the basis for Golden Order fundamentalism. One is the law of regression, to which this incantation relates.
Litany of Proper Death
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Used by hunters of Those Who Live in Death.
Creates an image of Order, dealing holy damage to nearby foes. This incantation is especially damaging to Those Who Live in Death. Any felled by this incantation cannot be revived.
The role of the hunters is to stamp out defiled reason—all for the perfection of the Golden Order.
Law of Causality
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
One of the key fundamentals.
Manifests a small ring of causality within that allows the caster to automatically retaliate upon receiving a certain number of blows.
The fundamentalists describe the Golden Order through the powers of regression and causality. Causality is the pull between meanings; it is the connections that form the relationships of all things.
Order's Blade
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Used by hunters of Those Who Live in Death.
Enchants armament held in the right hand with holy-affinity attacks. This incantation is especially damaging to Those Who Live in Death. Any felled by this incantation cannot be revived.
The role of the hunters is to stamp out defiled reason—all for the perfection of the Golden Order.
Order Healing
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Used by hunters of Those Who Live in Death.
Alleviates death blight buildup.
The noble Goldmask lamented what had become of the hunters. How easy it is for learning and learnedness to be reduced to the ravings of fanatics; all the good and the great wanted, in their foolishness, was an absolute evil to contend with.
Does such a notion exist in the fundamentals of Order?
Bestial Sling
Incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman.
Swiftly flings a number of sharp rock shards.
This incantation can be cast without delay after performing another action.
It is said that in the time before the Erdtree, stones were the first weapons of the beasts who had gained intelligence.
Stone of Gurranq
Superior incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman.
Hurls a boulder before the caster.
This incantation can be cast repeatedly.
Long ago, Gurranq was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his former name meant "Death of the Demigods."
Beast Claw
Incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman.
Creates beast claws that rend the land with shockwaves.
Charging enhances potency.
This incantation represents the fury of Gurranq, his bestial nature returned, as much as it does his restless agitation.
Gurranq's Beast Claw
Superior incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman.
Creates beast claws that rend surroundings with shockwaves.
Long ago, Gurranq was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his former name meant "Death of the Demigods."
Bestial Vitality
Incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman.
Fills the body with bestial vigor, restoring HP over a period of time.
Having gained intelligence, the beasts must have felt how their wildness slipped away as civilization took hold.
Bestial Constitution
Incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman.
Fills the body with bestial vigor, alleviating buildup of frost and blood loss.
Having gained intelligence, the beasts must have felt how their wildness slipped away as civilization took hold.
Lightning Spear
One of the incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Summons a lightning spear and hurls it before the caster.
Charging causes a lightning bolt to strike the point of impact.
Long ago, Godwyn the Golden defeated the ancient dragon Fortissax, and befriended his fallen foe—an event that gave rise to the ancient dragon cult in the capital.
Ancient Dragons' Lightning Strike
A secret incantation of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Summons a red bolt of lightning that scatters and spreads around the surrounding area.
Charging enhances the range of the lightning bolt.
Spoken of in legend, red lightning is the weapon wielded by the ancient dragons.
Lightning Strike
One of the incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Summons a bolt of lightning that scatters and spreads around the surrounding area.
This incantation can be cast repeatedly.
Ancestors of the modern dragons, the ancient dragons had scales of Gravel Stone and wielded lightning as their weapon. It is said that once they attacked Leyndell, the Royal Capital.
Frozen Lightning Spear
Incantation that channels the power of the Dragonkin Soldiers.
Creates a spear of ice lightning and stabs it into the ground from above. On impact, the spear will burst into trails of lightning advancing forwards.
The Dragonkin were born in the Eternal City, where they knew no true sky, nor true lightning. Instead, ice lightning was their weapon.
Honed Bolt
One of the incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Summons a bolt of lightning to strike foes from above.
This incantation can be cast repeatedly.
Long ago, Godwyn the Golden defeated the ancient dragon Fortissax, and befriended his fallen foe—an event that gave rise to the ancient dragon cult in the capital.
Ancient Dragons' Lightning Spear
A secret incantation of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Creates a spear of red lightning and stabs it into the ground from above. On impact, the spear will burst into trails of lightning covering the area.
Spoken of in legend, red lightning is the weapon wielded by the ancient dragons.
Fortissax's Lightning Spear
Incantation that channels the power of the ancient dragon Fortissax.
Creates two spears of red lightning and stabs them into the ground from above, one after another. On impact, each spear will burst into trails of lightning covering the area.
During the War of the Ancient Dragons, these twin red lightning stakes were the hallmark of one ancient dragon who was called the mightiest boulderstone.
Lansseax's Glaive
Incantation that channels the power of the ancient dragon Lansseax.
Creates a red-lightning glaive and sweeps the area from above. This attack unleashes trails of lightning.
Lansseax was the sister of Fortissax. It is said that she took the form of a human to commune with the knights as a priestess of the ancient dragon cult.
Electrify Armament
One of the incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Enchants armament held in the right hand with lightning-affinity attacks.
Long ago, Godwyn the Golden defeated the ancient dragon Fortissax, and befriended his fallen foe—an event that gave rise to the ancient dragon cult in the capital.
Vyke's Dragonbolt
Incantation of Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold.
Summons red lightning to bolster both the caster's body and their armament held in the right hand. Enchants armament with lightning-affinity attacks and increases maximum equipment load. However, lightning damage negation will be reduced.
Of all the knights, Vyke the Dragonspear was the one Lansseax loved the most.
Dragonbolt Blessing
Superior incantation of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
Summons lightning to bolster the caster's body. Attacks become easier to deflect and resistance to all ailments is increased. However, lightning damage negation will be reduced.
Only those loved by dragons can survive the ordeal of cladding their bodies in lightning.
Dragonfire
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew flaming breath.
Charging extends duration.
Incantation of those who have hunted dragons and feasted upon their hearts. Theirs is a pure and overwhelming power.
Agheel's Flame
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of the flying dragon Agheel.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew flaming breath from above.
Charging extends duration. This incantation can be used while jumping.
The dead gazed at the skies over the lakes of Limgrave, praying that the dragons' flames would burn them to ash.
Magma Breath
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a wyrm to spew magma breath.
Allows one follow-up attack.
Those who have performed the Dragon Communion will find their humanity slowly slipping away. Once they fully succumb to their fate, they are left no more than wyrms that crawl the earth.
Theodorix's Magma
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of the great wyrm Theodorix.
Transforms caster into a great wyrm to spew a large volume of magma breath.
Allows one follow-up attack.
The name of the ancient troll warrior Theodorix lives on—as a hero of the War against the Giants.
Dragonice
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew icy breath.
Charging extends duration.
Those extraordinary individuals who perpetuate Dragon Communion are called the dragon-hearted.
Borealis's Mist
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of Borealis, the Freezing Fog.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew icy breath from above.
Charging extends duration. This incantation can be cast while jumping.
The ice dragons were once lords of the mountaintops long ago, until they were defeated by the Fire Giants and chased from the peak.
Rotten Breath
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew scarlet rot breath.
Charging extends duration.
Those extraordinary individuals who perpetuate Dragon Communion are called the dragon-hearted.
Ekzykes's Decay
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of Ekzykes, the Decaying.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew scarlet rot breath from above.
Charging extends duration. This incantation can be cast while jumping.
Ekzykes, Dragon Communion Revenger, did not forget his hatred even as he succumbed to the scarlet rot.
Glintstone Breath
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew magic breath.
Charging extends duration.
Those extraordinary individuals who perpetuate Dragon Communion are called the dragon-hearted.
Smarag's Glintstone Breath
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of Smarag, the Glintstone Dragon.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew magic breath from above.
Charging extends duration. This incantation can be cast while jumping.
Smarag was a devourer of sorcerers, and over time, his body became corrupted by their glintstones.
Placidusax's Ruin
Power gleaned from the remembrance of Dragonlord Placidusax.
Transforms caster into the Dragonlord to spew golden breath from above.
This incantation can be cast while jumping.
These are the dying wails of the Dragonlord who once dwelled eternally beyond time.
Dragonclaw
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a dragon to tear through foes with dragon claws.
Allows one follow-up attack.
Incantation of those who have hunted dragons and feasted upon their hearts. Theirs is a pure and overwhelming power.
Dragonmaw
One of the incantations of Dragon Communion.
Transforms caster into a dragon to bite enemies before them.
Incantation of those who have hunted dragons and feasted upon their hearts. Theirs is a pure and overwhelming power.
Greyoll's Roar
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of Greyoll, the Elder Dragon.
An incantation of legendary status.
Transforms caster into a dragon to emit a terrible roar, reducing the attack power and defense of nearby enemies.
Greyoll was the mother of all dragons, dwarfing all who stood before her like a looming mountain.
Pest Threads
Incantation of the servants of rot.
Secretes countless sticky threads, launching them forwards.
A technique of the pale pests who crawl through the lands afflicted by scarlet rot; the abandoned children of the goddess.
"Do you have an interest in rot incantations?"
Swarm of Flies
A Blood Oath incantation, shared from the Lord of Blood's power.
Releases a swarm of bloodflies before the caster to assault foes. The vile swarm deals damage and builds up onset of blood loss.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
The new palace of the Lord of Blood lies in a swamp of festering blood, and these flies are said to spawn from excrement in that land.
Poison Mist
Incantation of the servants of rot.
Releases a poisonous mist before the caster.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Those who dwell within poison know rot all too well. The death that begets life, that comes to all equally. That is to say: it is the cycle of rebirth put into practice.
Poison Armament
Incantation of the servants of rot.
Enchants armament held in the right hand with poison.
This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Those who dwell within poison know rot all too well. The death that begets life, that comes to all equally. That is to say: it is the cycle of rebirth put into practice.
Scarlet Aeonia
Technique of Malenia, the Goddess of Rot.
Creates a gigantic flower that blooms into an explosion of scarlet rot.
Each time the scarlet flower blooms, Malenia's rot advances. It has bloomed twice already. With the third bloom, she will become a true goddess.
Inescapable Frenzy
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Causes the yellow flame of frenzy to blaze from the caster's eyes. The caster then latches onto foes, spreading the madness.
This incantation also causes buildup of madness in the caster, and is only effective against Tarnished.
To gaze into one another's eyes is truly the most intimate form of human contact.
The Flame of Frenzy
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Causes the yellow flame of frenzy to burst forth from the caster's eyes.
Charging increases the range of the burst.
The flame of frenzy deals damage and causes buildup of madness. This incantation also causes buildup of madness in the caster, and is only effective against Tarnished.
Unendurable Frenzy
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Causes the yellow flame of frenzy to violently burst forth from the caster's eyes.
Hold to continue channeling the flame. This incantation can be used while in motion.
It is the maddening pain and unstoppable tears of those afflicted with the flame of frenzy brought into being.
Frenzied Burst
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Releases concentrated blasts of the yellow flame of frenzy from the caster's eyes.
Charging enhances potency, enabling the blasts to penetrate the enemy's guard.
In times past, every single person who attempted to control the flame of frenzy succumbed to madness after a desperate internal struggle. This incantation is testament to a meager victory.
Howl of Shabriri
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Releases a maddening shriek that causes madness buildup in foes nearby.
This incantation also causes madness buildup in the caster and makes enemies more likely to target them.
It is said that the sickness of the flame of frenzy began with Shabriri, the most reviled man in all history.
Aspects of the Crucible: Tail
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Creates a supple tail that sweeps through foes before the caster.
Charging enhances potency.
This is a manifestation of the Erdtree's primal vital energies—an aspect of the primordial crucible, where all life was once blended together.
Aspects of the Crucible: Horns
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Creates a mighty horn on the caster's shoulder to gore foes from a low stance.
Charging allows the caster to barrel into foes before delivering the final attack.
This is a manifestation of the Erdtree's primal vital energies—an aspect of the primordial crucible, where all life was once blended together.
Aspects of the Crucible: Breath
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Creates a throat pouch on the caster's neck, allowing them to spew fiery breath while walking.
Charging increases duration of the breath.
This is a manifestation of the Erdtree's primal vital energies—an aspect of the primordial crucible, where all life was once blended together.
Black Blade
Power gleaned from the remembrance of Maliketh.
Caster creates an illusory black blade, then leaps forward to deliver a spinning slash that emits a wave of light.
This can be followed up with one additional attack.
This blade was once imbued with Destined Death. In addition to dealing damage, it reduces foes' maximum HP and continues to sap their current HP for a very short time.
Fire's Deadly Sin
Incantation originating from a deeply ominous prophecy.
Sets both the caster and the surrounding area ablaze with raging flames. The caster's body will remain engulfed in flame for a while, burning them and any who draw near. Charging enhances potency.
The prophet despaired, looking up at the Erdtree, for soon the kindling would burst into flame, bringing ruin.
"The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin. That is not the domain of mere men."
Golden Lightning Fortification
An incantation of Erdtree Worship.
Greatly increases lightning damage negation for the caster and nearby allies.
Hold to continue praying, delaying the effect.
This incantation was used by the knights of the Erdtree during the assault by the great ancient dragon Gransax, and the bitter War of the Ancient Dragons that followed.
Stonesword Key
A sword-shaped stone key.
Breaks the seal on imp statues, but remains embedded in the statue after use, meaning it can only be used once as an item.
Think well before using one.
Rusty Key
Rusted iron key.
Opens a locked door in Stormveil Castle.
Lucent Baldachin's Blessing
Sacred seal of a hidden shrine that looks much
like a bedchamber. A faint light leaks through
a crack in its fastened doors, as if the Firefly is
beckoning to come inside.
Raise in prayer to gain protection.
Gaining protection consumes this item,
but can grant unique effects.
Take care though, these effects cannot be undone.
Dectus Medallion (Left)
Left half of a split medallion depicting the Erdtree.
Brandishing the medallion with both halves conjoined will activate the Grand Lift of Dectus, connecting the Altus Plateau to Liurnia.
The right half is said to reside in Fort Faroth in the Dragonbarrow, far to the east.
Dectus Medallion (Right)
Right half of a split medallion depicting the Erdtree.
Brandishing the medallion with both halves conjoined will activate the Grand Lift of Dectus, connecting the Altus Plateau to Liurnia.
The left half is said to reside in the coastal Fort Haight to the far west.
Rold Medallion
Conjoined split medallion depicting the Flame Peak.
Brandishing the medallion activates the Grand Lift of Rold, connecting Leyndell to the Mountaintops of the Giants.
The forge of the flame of ruin is said to be found upon their peaks, and it is here Melina wishes to travel in resuming your journey together.
Academy Glintstone Key
Key to the seals binding both gates to the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Activates warp magic bound within the seals.
A glintstone key will remember its user, meaning once used it can never be passed on to another. The academy does not welcome the indolent.
Carian Inverted Statue
Statuette of a scholar, with ground and sky inverted.
Reveals the hidden form of the Carian Study Hall, which connects to the divine tower.
To unveil the secret, affix it to the pedestal of the celestial globe.
Dark Moon Ring
Ring depicting a leaden full moon. Symbolic of a cold oath, the ring is supposed to be given by Lunar Princess Ranni to her consort.
Ranni is an Empyrean, meaning her consort would by rights earn the title of lord.
A warning is engraved within; "Whoever thou mayest be, take not the ring from this place, the solitude beyond the night is better mine alone."
Fingerprint Grape
Eyeball of the knight Vyke, inflamed yellow.
Seared with a repulsive fingerprint burn akin to those that marred his entire body.
If offered to the blind maiden, it will lead her to the source of the distant light, allowing her to become a Finger Maiden.
Letter from Volcano Manor
A written request from Volcano Manor disclosing the name of a Tarnished to be hunted.
"Old Knight Istvan"
He can be found in Limgrave. Find the red mark on your map for the exact location.
Tonic of Forgetfulness
Tonic in a small brass vial.
Banishes distress and bitter memories.
A gift bestowed by Rykard, sworn to blasphemy, to Lady Tanith, who unfortunately had no use for it. "My Lord, there could be no greater distress than to forget you."
Serpent's Amnion
Amnion from the mother's womb which cradled the poor unwanted offspring of a repellant birthing ritual.
It will never dry out, remaining damp indefinitely.
Rya's Necklace
A necklace worn and treasured by Irina.
Given to her as a farewell gift.
Irina's Letter
Letter given by Irina, addressed to her father, the commander of Castle Morne.
Gorgeous silken handkerchief, lightly stained with blood. Words can be made out within.
Letter from Volcano Manor
A written request from Volcano Manor disclosing the name of a Tarnished to be hunted.
"Rileigh the Idle"
He can be found in Altus Plateau. Find the red mark on your map for the exact location.
Red Letter
A written request from Volcano Manor disclosing the name of a Tarnished to be hunted. As the final request, the letter is vivid red.
"Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood"
He can be found in the Mountaintops of the Giants. Find the red mark on your map for the exact location.
Drawing-Room Key
Key to Volcano Manor's drawing room.
The door can be found in the westward corridor, upon the left hand side.
Rya's Necklace
Necklace stolen from Rya by the blackguard.
Features a relief of a dignified looking woman from a foreign country.
It appears to hold great significance for Rya.
Volcano Manor Invitation
Letter given by Rya as thanks for retrieving her necklace.
Contains an invitation to Volcano Manor.
"Brave Tarnished,
Seek the Altus Plateau in the realm of the Erdtree.
Prove yourself by making this journey, and the Volcano Manor will fully extend its invitation. To fight, amongst a family of champions."
Amber Starlight
An ephemeral sliver that gives off a pale amber glow.
What remains of a passing flash of starlight.
If the stars command our fates, then amber-hued stars must command the fates of the gods. Such is the belief that inspired the use of these shards to prepare a most special draught.
Seluvis's Introduction
Scroll bearing a royal coat of arms.
A letter of introduction written by Preceptor Seluvis.
Addressed to a glintstone sorceress by the name of Sellen.
The contents of the scroll cannot be discerned.
Sellen's Primal Glintstone
Glintstone from within the sorceress Sellen's body.
Seemingly half-alive, blood vessels are visible within.
In essence, a primal glintstone is a sorcerer's soul.
If transplanted into a compatible new body, Sellen will rise again.
"My apprentice, do you think it distasteful?"
Miniature Ranni
A doll resembling Ranni the Witch.
From head to toe every detail is perfect.
This unresponsive doll seems pleasantly cool.
Asimi, Silver Tear
An asimi that has infected a tarnished.
An intelligent silver sludge; asimi
infect the body of tarnished,
granting the host power.
Godrick's Great Rune
The Great Rune of the shardbearer Godrick, devoid of any benediction.
Seek the Divine Tower of Limgrave, which stands beyond the great bridge from Stormveil Castle.
Radahn's Great Rune
The Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn, devoid of any benediction.
Seek the Divine Tower of Caelid, which stands upon the precipice at the Dragonbarrow's shore.
Morgott's Great Rune
The Great Rune of the shardbearer Morgott, devoid of any benediction.
Seek the Divine Tower of East Altus, which stands beyond the great bridge from Leyndell's eastern ward.
Rykard's Great Rune
The Great Rune of the shardbearer Rykard, devoid of any benediction.
Seek the Divine Tower of West Altus, which stands upon the precipice at the coast southwest of Leyndell.
Mohg's Great Rune
The Great Rune of the shardbearer Mohg, devoid of any benediction.
Seek the Divine Tower of East Altus, which stands beyond the great bridge from Leyndell's eastern ward.
Malenia's Great Rune
The Great Rune of the shardbearer Malenia, devoid of any benediction.
Seek the Isolated Divine Tower, which stands beyond the lost great bridge.
Lord of Blood's Favor
Pure white oath-cloth given by Varré. The final trial to be anointed a Knight of Mohg, Lord of Blood.
"Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood... The blood of anyone's maiden will do. You are maidenless, after all."
Lord of Blood's Favor
Fully reddened oath-cloth, dyed in a maiden's blood.
The final trial is complete. Luminary Mohg is sure to welcome you into his service, as a knight who will lay the foundations for his dynasty.
Burial Crow's Letter
A letter affixed to a graveyard crow's leg.
Sought after by Kalé.
Spirit Calling Bell
A bell capable of summoning various spirits
from ashen remains. It usually requires FP to use.
Spirits can only be summoned in the vicinity of a rebirth monument. When summoning is possible, the monument icon will be visible on the left side of the screen.
Only one type of spirit may be summoned at once, and none may be summoned during multiplayer.
Fingerslayer Blade
The hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron; a blade said to have been born of a corpse.
This blood-drenched fetish is proof of the high treason committed by the Eternal City and symbolizes its downfall.
Cannot be wielded by those without a fate, but is said to be able to harm the Greater Will and its vassals.
Sewing Needle
A large sewing needle, curved like a fang.
Boc the demi-human's prized possession.
Gold Sewing Needle
Sewing needle made of gold.
Unique item made to alter demigod attire.
One of the tools brought by Radagon when he entered into marriage with Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, and joined the Carian line.
Tailoring Tools
A portable set of tailoring tools.
Enables armor alterations at sites of grace.
Seluvis's Potion
Small flask received from Preceptor Seluvis containing a cloudy tonic of bluish black.
"Find Nepheli, and ensure she drinks it."
Amber Draught
Small flask received from Preceptor Seluvis containing a gleaming amber draught for use in a scheme.
"Give it to Ranni and ensure she drinks it. And we'll be in a position to claim the very finest puppet ever crafted."
Letter to Patches
A written request from Volcano Manor addressed to Patches disclosing the name of a Tarnished to be hunted.
"Great Horned Tragoth"
He can be found at the Ruin-Strewn Precipice. Find the red mark on your map for the exact location.
Dancer's Castanets
Castanets used by dancers from foreign lands. Received from Patches.
The passionate dance comprises no seductiveness, but merely a dignified beauty.
Sellian Sealbreaker
Glintstone key received from the sorceress Sellen.
Capable of breaking the seal that keeps Master Lusat confined.
Sellia, Town of Sorcery can be found in Caelid. This key was said to have been found in the possession of a Sellian sorcerer.
Chrysalids' Memento
Memento left by the chrysalids sacrificed for grafting. A brooch wrapped in red velvet. Traces of blood are visible.
Faintly visible spirits try to convey something, but their voices cannot be heard.
Black Knifeprint
On the Night of the Black Knives, someone stole a fragment of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade, and imbued its power into the assassins' daggers.
This mark is evidence of the ritual, and hides the truth of the conspiracy.
Letter to Bernahl
A written request from Volcano Manor addressed to Bernahl disclosing the names of two Tarnished to be hunted.
"Vargram the Raging Wolf"
"Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm"
Both men can be found in the Royal Capital of Leyndell. Find the red mark on your map for the exact location.
Academy Glintstone Key
Key to the seals binding both gates to the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Activates warp magic bound within the seals.
This glintstone key is still brand new, unused by anyone.
Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left)
Left half of a split medallion depicting the Haligtree.
Brandishing the medallion with both halves conjoined will activate the Grand Lift of Rold, granting access to a hidden path.
In other words, this secret medallion will guide the bearer to the land of Miquella's Haligtree.
Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right)
Right half of a split medallion depicting the Haligtree.
Brandishing the medallion with both halves conjoined will activate the Grand Lift of Rold, granting access to a hidden path.
In other words, this secret medallion will guide the bearer to the land of Miquella's Haligtree.
Burial Crow's Letter
A letter written about the caravans.
It seems to have been sent from the
capital underground.
Mending Rune of Perfect Order
Rune discovered by the noble Goldmask.
Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
A rune of transcendental ideology which will attempt to perfect the Golden Order.
The current imperfection of the Golden Order, or instability of ideology, can be blamed upon the fickleness of the gods no better than men. That is the fly in the ointment.
Mending Rune of the Death-Prince
Rune gestated by Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
Formed of the two hallowbrand half-wheels combined, it will embed the principle of life within Death into Order. 
The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death. Thus, this new Order will be one of Death restored.
Mending Rune of the Fell Curse
Loathsome rune gestated by the Dung Eater.
Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
The reviled curse will last eternally, and the world's children, grandchildren, and every generation hence, will be its pustules.
If Order is defiled entirely, defilement is defilement no more, and for every curse, a cursed blessing.
Larval Tear
Core of a creature of mimicry known as a silver tear.
As much a substance as it is a living organism.
Material required by the amber egg cradled by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, to birth people anew.
Being born anew allows the reallocation of attributes boosted by leveling up.
Imbued Sword Key
Stone key shaped like a sword.
A special item, imbued with rich blue magic.
Breaks the seal on the imp statues guarding the sending gates enshrined in each belfry, but remains embedded in the statue after use, meaning it can only be used once as an item.
Think well before using one.
Miniature Ranni
A doll resembling Ranni the Witch.
From head to toe every detail is perfect.
The chilliness is gone, feeling now like an empty husk.
There is no response.
Golden Tailoring Tools
Tailoring tools made from gold.
Tools brought with the red-haired Radagon when he married into the Carian line.
With these, even demigod attire can be altered at a site of grace.
Iji's Confession
A letter of confession found on Iji's corpse.
He declares his own guilt for having
sealed away Blaidd.
Knifeprint Clue
A simple map given by Fia.
A clue to the whereabouts of a black knifeprint.
Cursemark of Death
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch. Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
This cursemark was carved at the moment of Death of the first demigod, and should have taken the shape of a circle.
However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels.
Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone.
Asimi's Husk
The shedding of an Asimi that infected a tarnished.
Seedbed Curse
Curse grown on a corpse killed and defiled by the Dung Eater.
A tender pox afflicted with omen horns.
The Dung Eater cultivates the seedbed curse on corpses.
By doing so he prevents dead souls returning to the Erdtree, leaving them forever cursed. One of the most loathsome things found in all the Lands Between.
The Stormhawk King
Ashes of a hawk revered by all others as sovereign back in the days when Stormveil's winds still raged like no other.
This ancient monarch is proud however, refusing to answer anyone's summons.
Asimi, Silver Chrysalid
An Asimi that infected a tarnished.
Unalloyed Gold Needle
An intricately crafted needle of unalloyed gold.
Removed by Millicent from her flesh. Bears no trace of befouled blood, but is faintly moist with dew.
"There is something I must return to Malenia. The dignity, the sense of self, that allowed her to resist the call of the scarlet rot."
Sewer-Gaol Key
Filthy key received from the Dung Eater.
Unlocks sewer-gaol door said to lie beneath Leyndell, the Royal Capital.
Meeting Place Map
Simple map found on a corpse.
Seems to point to a meeting place.
The man it came from surely desired one. The sole means of gaining entry into the academy: a glintstone key.
Discarded Palace Key
A key discarded by Lunar Princess Ranni alongside her very flesh.
Opens a treasure chest passed down to Carian Princesses.
It is said to be found in the Grand Library of Raya Lucaria with her mother Rennala.
"Homing Instinct" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Homing Instinct."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
"Resurrection" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Resurrection."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
"Champion's Song" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Champion's Song."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
"Sorcerer" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Sorcerer."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
"Prophecy" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Prophecy."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
"Flightless Bird" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Flightless Bird."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
"Redmane" Painting
Work of a wandering artist.
Reminiscence of a painting titled "Redmane."
This painter is said have captured the landscapes seen during the last moments of those welcomed into death's embrace. 
The soul of the painter, and vestiges of the dead's last moments can be discovered by visiting the location depicted even now.
Zorayas's Letter
Farewell letter written in an inexpert hand.
"I wish to set out on a journey.
So that one day, I can carry on Mother's work.
Be the proud daughter of Tanith of Volcano Manor.
Farewell.
You've always been so kind. So uncompromising.
My champion."
Alexander's Innards
A keepsake of the warrior jar Alexander.
Found at the core of the dead flesh that once filled the great jar.
The jars contain dregs inherited from those who came before. Thus are warriors passed from jar to jar, carrying dreams of greatness.
Rogier's Letter
Letter written in a trembling hand.
"I forgot to tell you, but it seems D has a younger brother.
I heard he lies in a deep sleep in the aqueduct beside the Eternal City of Nokron.
And it's said he stood before the Prince of Death not far beyond that spot."
Crafting Kit
Leather bag containing a pestle and mortar, small blade, and various other tools.
Enables item crafting from the main menu.
Provides both means to fight and means to survive.
Whetstone Knife
Whetstone with a cipher inscription, made to look like a small knifeblade.
Allows the use of ashes of war at a site of grace to bestow new battle arts and affinities to armaments as skills.
The battle arts and affinities will depend on the ashes of war used.
Map: Limgrave, West
Map of the western region of Limgrave.
The demesne of Limgrave, far south of the Erdtree, is bordered to the northwest by the cliffs of Stormveil, and under its ever-clouded skies roll the great steppes of the pale lands.
Map: Weeping Peninsula
Map of the Weeping Peninsula.
The peninsula, to Limgrave's south, is named for its unceasing rainfall, redolent of lament. 
Map: Limgrave, East
Map of the eastern region of Limgrave.
Other than the Mistwood which envelops the south, it is known for its lands which lead to Caelid, a path trod by many a soldier in the past.
Map: Liurnia, East
Map of Liurnia's eastern region.
The majority of Liurnia, known for its vast forests and ever-present fog, is sinking into a lake. The eastern coast is home to a highroad running north and south.
Map: Liurnia, North
Map of Liurnia's northern region.
The Academy of Raya Lucaria towers over the north, while at its base spreads the town built around it, now flooded. Two highroads end their journeys here.
Map: Liurnia, West
Map of Liurnia's western region.
The majority of Liurnia, known for its vast forests and ever-present fog, is sinking into a lake. The western coast has always been closely associated with Carian royalty.
Map: Altus Plateau
Map of Altus Plateau and environs.
The Altus Plateau, where the Erdtree's base can be found, contains the Royal Capital of Leyndell to the east, and Mt. Gelmir to the west. Scars from the Shattering remain apparent to this day.
Map: Leyndell, Royal Capital
Map of the Royal Capital of Leyndell and environs.
Leyndell, City of the Erdtree, is a metropolis enclosed by double ramparts. The inner wall remains unbreached to this day.
Map: Mt. Gelmir
Map of Mt. Gelmir and environs.
Mt. Gelmir, which houses the Volcano Manor at its summit, is characterized by sheer cliffs and ominous skies. These qualities only became more pronounced after the Shattering.
Map: Caelid
Map of Caelid and environs.
Caelid, known as the locale of the last battle between General Radahn and Malenia, Blade of Miquella, is a vast land consummately marred by scarlet rot.
Map: Dragonbarrow
Map of Dragonbarrow and environs.
The dragons that escaped the scarlet rot made a nest of the plateau to Caelid's north. Thus it was named "Dragonbarrow," and none dare to enter.
Map: Mountaintops of the Giants, West
Map of Western Mountaintops of the Giants.
Marching ground during the War against the Giants. They carved winding paths in the cliff walls right up to the summit, leading to the untrodden snow-laden region beyond.
Map: Mountaintops of the Giants, East
Map of Eastern Mountaintops of the Giants.
The remote, desolate eastern summit is the highest point in all the Lands Between, overlooking even the Flame Peak to the south.
Map: Ainsel River
Map of Ainsel River and environs.
Two great rivers flow beneath the Lands Between, the Siofra and the Ainsel. This vast region is said to be the grave of civilizations that flourished before the Erdtree.
Map: Lake of Rot
Map of Lake of Rot and environs.
A great lake of standing water downstream of the Ainsel River. It is said that the divine essence of an outer god is sealed away in this land. 
Map: Siofra River
Map of Siofra River and environs
Two great rivers flow beneath the Lands Between, the Siofra and the Ainsel. This vast region is said to be the grave of civilizations that flourished before the Erdtree.
Map: Mohgwyn Palace
Map of Mohgwyn Palace and environs.
In the lightless depths lies the grave of an ancient civilization. It is here Mohg, the Lord of Blood, is building his palace, to be the seat of his coming dynasty named Mohgwyn. And whatever nightmares that may bring.
Map: Deeproot Depths
Map of Deeproot Depths and environs.
At the very depths of the Erdtree's majestic roots lies the source of the Ainsel and the Siofra rivers. Here too begins the network of Greattree roots that spread throughout the Lands Between.
Map: Consecrated Snowfield
Map of Consecrated Snowfield and environs.
The route through this land, crossed east to west by a frozen river, leads to Miquella's Haligtree. This is the path taken by those unchosen, though it is a trial all the same.
Mirage Riddle
Simple map taken from an imp statue.
A riddle concerning a rise that vanishes like a mirage.
Note: Hidden Cave
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"There is a hidden cave in the town of Sellia.
Look beyond the graveyard at the precipice."
Note: Imp Shades
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Nothing can touch the shades of imps in the heroes' graveyard.
Only Rosus's light can give them form."
Note: Flask of Wondrous Physick
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"A Flask of Wondrous Physick still remains in the Third Church of Marika, north of the Mistwood.
Cross the highway bridge and follow the animal trail north."
Note: Stonedigger Trolls
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"The heads of the stonedigger trolls bear old wounds."
Note: Walking Mausoleum
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"To stop the mausoleum's stride, you'll need to clean up around its feet first."
Note: Unseen Assassins
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Some assassins cannot be seen with the naked eye.
Seems the Erdtree sentries once carried torches that could cast light on these prowlers."
Note: Great Coffins
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Great coffins travel the Lands Between, carrying the bodies of nameless fallen warriors.
Might be a good source of armaments..."
Note: Flame Chariots
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Beware the Fire Monks' chariots bearing the faces of giants.
A well-aimed blow to the chimney on top may prove effective, but opportunities for a plunging attack will be rare indeed."
Note: Demi-human Mobs
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Slay the demi-human mob's leader first, and the rest will lose hope and panic."
Note: Land Squirts
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Land squirts are soft where they touch the ground, and poison will cause them to rupture."
Note: Gravity's Advantage
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Gravitational power that pulls can bring flying foes low."
Note: Revenants
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"The crawling royal revenants and their followers are all cursed.
Healing powers will harm rather than mend."
Note: Waypoint Ruins
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Someone lurks among the waypoint ruins on the roads through Limgrave."
Note: Gateway
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Fort Gael in Caelid houses a gateway that leads to Redmane Castle."
Note: Miquella's Needle
Note written by a nomadic merchant succinctly detailing knowledge acquired.
"The Empyrean Miquella crafted a needle to resist the influence of outer gods.
Those who have inherited the flame of frenzy, yet wish not to become its lord would do well to seek Miquella's needle."
Note: Frenzied Flame Village
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"South of the Grand Lift of Dectus lies the Frenzied Flame Village, inhabited by the sick. Stay well away."
Note: The Lord of Frenzied Flame
Note written by a nomadic merchant succinctly detailing knowledge acquired.
"Beneath Leyndell, at the very bottom lies our lord, lord of the frenzied. The Three Fingers who holds us in thrall."
Note: Hidden Cave
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about a hidden cave.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Imp Shades
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about imp shades.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Flask of Wondrous Physick
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about a Flask of Wondrous Physick.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Stonedigger Trolls
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about stonedigger trolls.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Walking Mausoleum
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about the Wandering Mausoleum.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Unseen Assassins
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about unseen assassins.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Great Coffins
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about great coffins.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Flame Chariots
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about flame chariots.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Demi-human Mobs
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about demi-human mobs.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Land Squirts
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about land squirts.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Gravity's Advantage
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about advantageous use of gravity.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Revenants
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about revenants.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Waypoint Ruins
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about waypoint ruins.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Gateway
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about a gateway.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Note: Frenzied Flame Village
A note sold by a nomadic merchant.
Contains information about the Frenzied Flame Village.
Further details are available only to paying customers.
Conspectus Scroll
A sorcery scroll from the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Details superior sorceries taught to scholars worthy of donning the stone crown and studying a certain conspectus.
Can be given to a learned sorcerer to gain access to the following sorceries:
Pidia's Bell Bearing
Servant Pidia's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Seluvis's Bell Bearing
Preceptor Seluvis's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Patches' Bell Bearing
Patches' bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Sellen's Bell Bearing
Sorceress Sellen's bell bearing, found upon her perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
D's Bell Bearing
D's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Bernahl's Bell Bearing
Knight Bernahl's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Miriel's Bell Bearing
Miriel, Pastor of Vows' bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Gostoc's Bell Bearing
Gatekeeper Gostoc's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Thops's Bell Bearing
Sorcerer Thops's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Kalé's Bell Bearing
Merchant Kalé's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing
A nomadic merchant's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing
An isolated merchant's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing
Bell bearing of a hermetic merchant, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Abandoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
Bell bearing of a merchant left behind, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Imprisoned Merchant's Bell Bearing
An imprisoned merchant's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Iji's Bell Bearing
Iji the Smithing Master's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Rogier's Bell Bearing
Rogier the Sorcerer's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Blackguard's Bell Bearing
The Blackguard's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Corhyn's Bell Bearing
Brother Corhyn's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Gowry's Bell Bearing
Sage Gowry's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Bell bearing of an unfortunate bone peddler who was slain by the Bell Bearing Hunter.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to the following items:
Iron Whetblade
Iron whetblade with a cipher engraved. Can be used as a whetstone knife.
When applying an affinity using ashes of war, an additional affinity of heavy, keen, or quality can be chosen.
Red-Hot Whetblade
Red-hot whetblade with a cipher engraved. Can be used as a whetstone knife.
When applying an affinity using physical or flame-type ashes of war, an additional affinity of fire or flame art can be chosen.
Sanctified Whetblade
Sanctified whetblade with a cipher engraved. Can be used as a whetstone knife.
When applying an affinity using physical or golden-type ashes of war, an additional affinity of sacred or lightning can be chosen.
Glintstone Whetblade
Glintstone whetblade with a cipher engraved. Can be used as a whetstone knife.
When applying an affinity using physical or magic-type ashes of war, an additional affinity of magic or frost can be chosen.
Black Whetblade
Black whetblade with a cipher engraved. Can be used as a whetstone knife.
When applying an affinity using physical or occult-type ashes of war, an additional affinity of poison, blood, or occult can be chosen.
Unalloyed Gold Needle
An intricately crafted needle of unalloyed gold, snapped in half.
A ritual implement crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods, it is thought capable of forestalling the incurable rotting sickness.
Sage Gowry has designs for this needle.
Unalloyed Gold Needle
An intricately crafted needle of unalloyed gold. Once snapped in half, it has been repaired by Sage Gowry.
A ritual implement crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods, it is thought capable of forestalling the incurable rotting sickness.
"Now, all you need do is deliver the needle to Millicent, convalescing in the church atop the cliff just beyond Sellia."
Valkyrie's Prosthesis
Golden prosthesis once used by the one-armed valkyrie.
A masterwork of craftsmanship, with practice and skill it can be used as proficiently as a real arm.
When Maleigh Marais, Lord of the Shaded Castle, embraced this prosthesis, he claimed to feel the presence of his personal goddess.
Sellia's Secret
Note given by Sage Gowry detailing the secret he promised.
The Town of Sellia
hides the source.
Light three flames
atop the candle towers
to break the seal.
Beast Eye
Claw-marked stone eye received from Gurranq, Beast Clergyman.
It is said to tremble when near Deathroot.
The murky violet iris writhes as if alive.
"I am not sated... Feed me more...Death..."
Weathered Dagger
Dagger received from Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
She wishes for it to be returned to its rightful owner.
It was once a special weapon of gold and silver intertwined, but is now worn down and marred by a black gash.
Hoslow's Oath
An inspiriting gesture
About Sites of Grace
Resting at a site of grace will restore your HP, FP, and cleanse any status ailments.
It will also refill your sacred flasks.
However, most of the enemies you've defeated will be revived.
You can find sites of grace by going where light converges.
About Sorceries and Incantations
You can memorize sorceries and incantations at sites of grace.
You must have a staff equipped to cast sorceries, or a sacred seal equipped to cast incantations.
Casting sorceries and incantations consumes FP.
About Bows
Equip a bow to fire arrows.
You can equip up to two types of arrows to choose from at once.
About Crouching
Crouch to make it harder for enemies to discover you.
Especially effective in tall grass.
Attacking an enemy that hasn't noticed you will cause more damage than usual.
About Stance-Breaking
Some attacks may break an enemy's stance, giving you a chance to perform a critical hit.
Charge attacks and jump attacks make it particularly easy to break an enemy's stance.
About Stakes of Marika
Upon dying, you will be revived at the last site of grace that you visited.
However, if there is a Stake of Marika near where you died, you can choose to be revived there instead.
About Guard Counters
You can perform a counterattack immediately after blocking an enemy attack.
Guard counters make it easy to break an enemy's stance.
About the Map
Use your map to check your current position, as well as the terrain and surrounding structures.
You can update your map with new information by finding Map fragments at steles along the road.
You can also use the map to freely place beacons of light to serve as landmarks as you explore.
About Guidance of Grace
Grace exists to guide the Tarnished and lead them along the proper path.
Even now, some sites of grace retain that power. Their golden rays will guide you along your way.
About Horseback Riding
Use the Spectral Steed Whistle to summon and ride your spectral steed.
If your spectral steed dies, you can summon it again, but it will cost one Flask of Crimson Tears to do so.
About Death
Upon dying, you will be revived at the last site of grace that you visited.
You will drop any runes in your possession at the site of your death.
If you die again before reclaiming those runes, they will be lost forever.
The compass at the top of the screen indicates the direction of the lost runes.
About Summoning Spirits
With a Spirit Calling Bell, you can use ashes to summon various spirits.
Summoning typically consumes FP.
You can only summon one type of spirit at a time.
You cannot summon spirits during multiplayer.
About Guarding
Use an armament in your left hand or both hands to guard against incoming attacks.
Guarding is especially effective when done with a shield.
Guarding consumes stamina.
If your stamina runs out, your stance will be broken.
About Item Crafting
If you have a Crafting Kit, you can make various items from materials that you find.
Select "Item Crafting" from the main menu to make items.
You can learn to craft more items by finding cookbooks. 
About Flask of Wondrous Physick
You can find crystal tears at the bases of Minor Erdtrees and elsewhere throughout the Lands Between.
At sites of grace, you can mix two crystal tears in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
This will allow you to create elixirs with various custom effects.
About Adding Skills
With a Whetstone Knife, you can use ashes of war to grant your armaments new skills at sites of grace.
An armament can only have one skill.
Any skill it previously had will be removed.
An armament's type determines what skills it can have. Some special armaments have unique skills and cannot be granted new ones.
About Birdseye Telescopes
Use the Birdseye Telescopes in each area to see into the distance like a bird and get a better view of your destination.
About Spiritspring Jumping
Jump while on horseback near a spiritspring to ride its current high into the air.
You won't take damage from jumping into a spiritspring while on horseback, even from a great height.
About Vanquishing Enemy Groups
Vanquishing an enemy group will replenish your flasks.
The number and type of flasks to be replenished varies, depending on the enemy group.
You cannot replenish more flasks than your maximum amount allows.
About Teardrop Scarabs
There are both Crimson and Cerulean Teardrop Scarabs.
Defeat them to replenish the flasks that match their type.
However, you cannot replenish more flasks than your maximum amount allows.
About Summoning Other Players
Use Furlcalling Finger Remedy to reveal summon signs of players from other worlds.
Gold signs indicate an ally.
Red signs indicate an adversary.
The multiplayer session will begin once either type has been summoned.
(You will take the role of the Host of Fingers.)
About Cooperative Multiplayer
Use Tarnished's Furled Finger to write a gold summon sign.
Cooperative multiplayer will begin once you have been summoned by a player from another world.
You will take the role of an ally (Furled Finger) and your objective is to defeat the area boss.
The compass at the top of the screen indicates the direction of the summoner (Host of Fingers).
About Competitive Multiplayer
Use Duelist's Furled Finger to write a red summon sign.
Competitive multiplayer will begin once you have been summoned by a player from another world.
You will take the role of an adversary (Duelist) and your objective is to defeat the Host of Fingers who summoned you.
About Invasion Multiplayer
Use Festering Bloody Finger to attempt to invade the world of another player.
The multiplayer session will begin once the invasion succeeds.
You will take the role of an invader (Bloody Finger) and your objective is to defeat the Host of Fingers of that world.
If you stray far from the Host of Fingers, the compass at the top of the screen points to their location.
About Hunter Multiplayer
If you use a Blue Cipher Ring, you will make yourself open to summons for rescue from other worlds.
The multiplayer session will begin once you have been summoned as a hunter, and your objective is to defeat the invader of that world.
The compass at the top of the screen indicates the direction of the summoner (Host of Fingers).
About Summoning Pools
In each area, you may find effigies of martyrs.
These effigies are summoning pools.
You'll find it easy to summon other players at these locations, as co-op and hostile summoning signs created with small effigies gather at summoning pools.
About Monument Icon
You must be near a rebirth monument to summon spirits from ashes.
When you are close to a rebirth monument and able to summon, a monument icon will appear on the left side of the screen.
About Requesting Help from Hunters
If you use a White Cipher Ring, you will automatically request for a hunter from another world to come to your rescue when your world is invaded.
(Can also be used after you are invaded.)
The hunter will be summoned once the request succeeds, and their objective is to defeat the invader of your world.
About Skills
Armaments have special abilities called skills.
Skills are highly varied, and range from powerful attacks to temporary effects.
Using skills consumes FP.
: 
About Fast Travel to Sites of Grace
Through your map, you can instantly travel to any sites of grace that you've discovered.
However, there are some dungeons and other areas where this cannot be done.
About Strengthening Armaments
At a smithing table, you can spend runes and smithing stones to strengthen your armaments.
Somewhere in the Lands Between, you may meet a blacksmith who can make your armaments even stronger.
About Roundtable Hold
The Roundtable Hold is a place where Tarnished gather, guided by grace. Combat is prohibited on the premises due to a pact of non-aggression.
(This rule is in effect when the Roundtable icon is displayed.)
The Roundtable Hold is located outside of this world. It can only be reached through sites of grace.
(Can also be accessed by using the map to travel.)
About Materials
In every corner of the Lands Between, you will find fruits and flowers, mushrooms and butterflies, and various other useful materials.
These materials can be used for item crafting.
About Containers
You will need cracked pots or other containers to craft certain items.
You will not be able to make more of those items than you have containers.
Containers will be consumed when crafting, but they can be reused when emptied.
About Adding Affinities
With a Whetstone Knife, you can use ashes of war to grant affinities to your armaments at sites of grace.
This way, you can alter an armament's attack affinity, boost attribute scaling, and more.
An armament's type determines what affinities it can have. Some special armaments, like those with unique skills, cannot be granted new affinities.
About Pouches
From "Pouch" in the main menu, you can equip six items to your pouches.
Four of those items can be used without opening the main menu.
+: Use item in Pouch 1
+: Use item in Pouch 2
+: Use item in Pouch 3
+: Use item in Pouch 4
About Dodging
You can avoid enemy attacks with a dodge roll or backstep.
Both of these actions consume stamina.
+: Dodge roll
: Backstep
About Wielding Armaments
Each hand can be equipped with up to three armaments, allowing you to toggle between them.
Armaments can also be two-handed, making attacks more difficult to repel with shields and boosting effective strength by 50%.
: 
: 
+/: Wield with two hands
About Multiplayer
You will need certain items to participate in each type of multiplayer:
cooperative, invasion, or competitive.
Select "Multiplayer" from the main menu to see your multiplayer items.
You can also use them directly from this menu.
: 
Carrier Pigeon Letter
Letter addressed to someone:
Confirmed traces of silvery slime in the
ruins in front of Stormgate.
Found on the soldiers' camp supplies.
Carrier Pigeon Letter
Letter addressed to someone:
Traces of silvery slime found on
Godwyn's Highroad.
Just after until the procession with the
big coffin passed by.
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by roaming nomad warriors.
Contains knowledge for surviving in the face of utter scarcity.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by roaming nomad warriors.
Contains knowledge for surviving in the face of utter scarcity.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by roaming nomad warriors.
Contains knowledge for surviving in the face of utter scarcity.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by roaming nomad warriors.
Contains knowledge for surviving in the face of utter scarcity.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Fugitive Warrior's Recipe
Recipe book written by a roaming warrior, chased by someone through the Lands Between.
Adds more craftable items.
Includes techniques for survival in extreme situations and prolonged battle.
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by roaming nomad warriors.
Contains knowledge for surviving in the face of utter scarcity.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by roaming nomad warriors.
Contains knowledge for surviving in the face of utter scarcity.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Armorer's Cookbook
A record of crafting techniques left by an armorer who served the great general Radahn.
Contains knowledge of dealing with rot; the application of fire in particular.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following:
Cracked Pot
This empty pot somehow mends itself when broken.
Essential vessel for crafting cracked pot items.
The materials and magics sealed within deploy their effects when the pot is thrown.
Ritual Pot
This empty pot somehow mends itself when broken.
Special item with greater durability than a cracked pot.
Essential vessel for crafting ritual pot items.
The materials and magics sealed within deploy their effects when the pot is thrown.
Perfume Bottle
Glass bottles used by perfumers. Used to seal various scent compounds.
Essential vessel for crafting perfume items.
The art of perfuming was once jealously guarded in the capital, but after the perfumers were drafted into service during the Shattering, the art became widely practiced throughout the Lands Between.
Glass Shard
Glass shard covered in dirt.
Because it sparkles in the light, it might be mistaken for an object of value when seen from afar.
It cannot produce light by itself. Essentially worthless.
Golden Seed
A golden seed, found at the base of an illusory tree.
Increases a Sacred Flask's number of uses.
(Can be used after resting at a site of grace.)
When the Elden Ring was shattered, these seeds flew from the Erdtree, scattering across the various lands, as if life itself knew that its end had come.
Sacred Tear
Blessing of the Erdtree, worshiped in the churches of all lands; this is but a faint vestige.
Increases the potency of a Sacred Flask's restorative effects.
(Can be used after resting at a site of grace.)
During the age of the Erdtree, these tears were used to spread the faith, for theirs was once a certain blessing.
Memory Stone
A black, lightly beguiling stone.
Prized by the sorcerers who produce them.
Increases memory slots.
Said to be a fragment of the black moon that once hung above the Eternal City.
Talisman Pouch
Small, withered bag, knitted by hand. Bestowed upon the ruling lord, or those attempting to become lord, by the elderly Finger Reader.
Increases talisman equip slots.
As the voices of the Two Fingers, Finger Readers are said to live lives eternal, and one is even supposed to have served as a wetnurse to royalty.
Dragon Heart
Dragon heart seized by a dragon tracker.
Riddled with Gravel Stone, this grotesque organ continues to beat vivaciously.
An offering used in the Dragon Communion. Consume a dragon's heart at the altar to make its power yours.
While a terrible and savage-looking thing, the heart has a peculiar beauty to it.
Lost Ashes of War
Empty ashes of war, devoid of any memories of battle.
Unable to apply any kind of affinity in their current state, but can be used by Smithing Master Hewg of the Roundtable Hold to recreate other ashes.
Thus does the copy pass into becoming the genuine article.
Great Rune of the Unborn
Amber egg clutched by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon.
Great Rune of unborn demigods.
Perfects those who have been born anew.
Children born anew by Rennala are all frail and short-lived. Imperfect beings, each and all.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. A shard found in plenty.
Strengthens armaments up to +3.
Smithing stone is found throughout the Lands Between, and mining galleries built to excavate it can be found everywhere.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. A large shard found in plenty.
Strengthens armaments up to +6.
Smithing stone is found throughout the Lands Between, and mining galleries built to excavate it can be found everywhere.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. A particularly hard specimen.
Strengthens armaments up to +9.
Smithing stone is found throughout the Lands Between, and mining galleries built to excavate it can be found everywhere.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. A large and particularly hard specimen.
Strengthens armaments up to +12.
Smithing stone is found throughout the Lands Between, and mining galleries built to excavate it can be found everywhere.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. A rare specimen, it is tinged with gold.
Strengthens armaments up to +15.
Mined near the foot of the Erdtree, these stones are said to have been used to bolster the strength of the Royal forces.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. A larger rare specimen, it is tinged with gold.
Strengthens armaments up to +18.
Mined near the foot of the Erdtree, these stones are said to have been used to bolster the strength of the Royal forces.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. Found in a polar region, it is semi-vitrified.
Strengthens armaments up to +21.
Thought to have been used to hone the weapons of the champions of the War against the Giants at the birth of the Erdtree.
Smithing Stone
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. Found in a polar region, it is semi-vitrified.
Strengthens armaments up to +24.
Thought to have been used to hone the weapons of the champions of the War against the Giants at the birth of the Erdtree.
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Smithing stone made by polishing a golden Gravel Stone. A scale of the Ancient Dragonlord, and hidden treasure of Farum Azula.
Strengthens armaments to +25.
The Ancient Dragonlord's seat is said to lie beyond time. This stone lightly twists time, allowing the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god.
Somber Smithing Stone
Shard of smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +1.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Large shard of smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +2.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Hard smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +3.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Large hard smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +4.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Gold smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +5.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Large gold smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +6.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Polar smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +7.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Smithing Stone
Large polar smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +8.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Ancient dragonrock smithing stone drained of color. A scale of the Ancient Dragonlord, and hidden treasure of Farum Azula.
Strengthens special armaments to +10.
The Ancient Dragonlord's seat is said to lie beyond time. This stone lightly twists time, allowing the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god.
Somber Smithing Stone
Ancient smithing stone drained of color.
Strengthens special armaments to +9.
Special armaments with unique characteristics cannot be strengthened with colored smithing stones. Number of steps and amount strengthened differ from standard equipment.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +1.
The art of strengthening ashes is known as spirit tuning. Only a spirit tuner may perform this deed.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +2.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +3.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +4.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +5.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +6.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +7.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +8.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +9.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
Great Grave Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
An especially large specimen.
Strengthens ashes to +10.
Since times of old, large gloveworts were used to comfort heroic spirits. Given in tribute to those who died the most glorious of deaths, in the hope their stories would become legend.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +1.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +2.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +3.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +4.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +5.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +6.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +7.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +8.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to it.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +9.
Ashes which keep their renown even after death cannot be strengthened by merely corporeal glovewort.
Great Ghost Glovewort
White flower that blooms in catacombs.
A spirit nestles close to this grand specimen
Strengthens renowned ashes to +10.
Since times of old, large gloveworts were used to comfort heroic spirits. Given in tribute to those who died the most glorious of deaths, in the hope their stories would become legend.
Crimsonspill Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily raises one's maximum HP.
Greenspill Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily raises one's maximum stamina.
Crimson Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction restores half of one's maximum HP.
Cerulean Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction restores half of one's maximum FP.
Speckled Hardtear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily raises all resistances and heals all status ailments.
Crimson Bubbletear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction automatically heals one's HP in the moment before death.
However, this effect only occurs once, and will expire after a certain duration.
Opaline Bubbletear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
Provides significant damage negation.
However, this effect only occurs once, and will expire after a certain duration.
Crimsonburst Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction gradually restores one's HP over time.
Greenburst Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts stamina recovery speed.
Opaline Hardtear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts all forms of damage negation.
Winged Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
Temporarily reduces equipment load.
Thorny Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction makes consecutive attacks grow stronger the longer they continue. However, the effect lasts only for a short time.
Spiked Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction increases the power of charged attacks for a certain duration.
Windy Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction increases the effectiveness of dodge rolls for a certain duration. However, damage taken is also increased during the concoction's effect.
Ruptured Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
Causes the resulting concoction to explode.
A defective crystal tear which possesses absolutely no medicinal qualities. A lesson said to be learned the hard way for some; faith can be a volatile matter, after all.
Leaden Hardtear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts one's poise.
Twiggy Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction prevents one's runes from being lost upon death. However, the effect lasts only for a short time.
Crimsonwhorl Bubbletear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction converts incoming damage into recovered HP instead. However, physical damage cannot be converted.
This effect is only brief and will quickly expire.
Strength-knot Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts one's strength.
Dexterity-knot Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts one's dexterity.
Intelligence-knot Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts one's intelligence.
Faith-knot Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts one's faith.
Cerulean Hidden Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction eliminates all FP consumption.
However, this effect is only brief and will quickly expire.
Stonebarb Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction makes one's attacks more likely to break enemy stances. However, the effect lasts only for a short time.
Purifying Crystal Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction purifies the curse from Mohg, Lord of Blood's terrifying rite of blood.
Flame-Shrouding Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts the power of one's fire attacks.
Magic-Shrouding Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts the power of one's magic attacks.
Lightning-Shrouding Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts the power of one's lightning attacks.
Holy-Shrouding Cracked Tear
A crystal tear formed slowly over the ages where the Erdtree's bounty falls to the ground.
Can be mixed in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
The resulting concoction temporarily boosts the power of one's holy attacks.
Sliver of Meat
A slice of thinly carved beast flesh.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting herbivorous beasts.
The dried meat toughens the constitution.
Beast Liver
The fresh liver of a beast; a luscious fruit of life.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting herbivorous beasts.
Dried liver boosts damage negation.
Lump of Flesh
A lump of beast flesh filled with rich juices.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting carnivorous beasts.
Meat suitable for a rustic feast.
Beast Blood
Fresh beast blood, glinting with gold.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting carnivorous beasts.
This glimmering blood never rots or decays.
Old Fang
A rarely-seen specimen of beast fang.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting carnivorous beasts.
These multiple, overlapping fangs grow from a single root. Perhaps they're a vestige of the primordial crucible.
Budding Horn
A rarely-seen specimen of a young, budding horn.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting herbivorous beasts.
This horn began to sprout on a beast that typically bears no horn. Perhaps it's a vestige of the primordial crucible.
Flight Pinion
Flight feather of birds.
Material used for crafting items.
Commonly used for arrow fletchings.
Hidden Plumage
Rarely-seen dark plumage found
inside the wing.
Material used for crafting items.
Death's bearers were once said to have
taken the form of birds, symbolized
by these black feathers.
Four-Toed Fowl Foot
A four-toed fowl's foot.
Material used for crafting items.
In the Lands Between, having three digits is seen as a bad omen. As such, the four-toed fowl's foot is a gift of great luck indeed.
Turtle Neck Meat
A splendid, lengthy cut of turtle neck meat.
Material used for crafting items.
Considered an especially nutritious ingredient In the south of the Lands Between.
Human Bone Shard
Fragment of bone with dun mottling.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting Those Who Live in Death.
Lamentably brittle, it crumbles at the lightest caress.
Great Dragonfly Head
Head of a large dragonfly.
Material used for crafting items.
Long believed to have the ability to neutralize poisons.
Slumbering Egg
Owl eggs that will never hatch.
Material used for crafting items.
Prized as a symbol of the most sublime slumber.
Crab Eggs
Eggs of large crabs which dwell in the shallows.
Material used for crafting items.
A nutritious foodstuff that warms from within.
The flavor is exquisite.
Only those of comfort and means know the truth:
a crab's eggs are more delectable than its meat.
Land Octopus Ovary
Puffy, milky white ovary of a land octopus.
Material used for crafting items.
Land octopuses eat humans in order to bear young, and theirs is the blood that runs through these ovaries.
Miranda Powder
Pollen from a man-eating miranda flower.
Material used for crafting items.
Throughout history, perfumers have prized this extremely fragrant form of miranda pollen, not yet scattered into the air.
Strip of White Flesh
Thin strips of flesh taken from a bloodless creature.
Material used for crafting items.
The dried meat toughens the constitution, boosting resistance. It's known for its long-lasting effect.
Golden Dung
Someone's excrement. It has a golden tinge.
Material used for crafting items.
Gold-tinged excrement is a highly stable substance; it doesn't dry out, nor does it lose its customary warmth or scent. For better or for worse, it remains as it is.
Thin Beast Bones
Thin, hard beast bones.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting beasts.
Commonly used to make disposable weapons.
Hefty Beast Bone
Thick, solid beast bones.
Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting particularly large beasts.
Commonly used to make disposable weapons.
Glinstone Scrap
Unremarkable glintstone, found along roadways everywhere.
Material used for crafting items.
Though too impure to use as a permanent catalyst for glintstone sorcery, it's just about sufficient for crafting disposable sorcerous items.
String
Boasting no special qualities, this is merely a goodly length of string.
Material used for crafting items.
Often carried by demi-humans.
Used to make certain items easier to use.
Living Jar Shard
A fragment of a living jar,
hardened after its death.
Material used for crafting items.
Such fragments command a high price due to the magical power locked within. This leaves the living jars unfortunate targets for poachers.
Albinauric Bloodclot
The thick, coagulated blood of the Albinaurics.
Material used for crafting items.
Albinaurics are lifeforms made by human hands.
Thus, many believe them to live impure lives, untouched by the Erdtree's grace.
Stormhawk Feather
A feather from a hawk that lived as one
with the storms.
Material used for crafting items.
These feathers, enveloped in swirling winds, are often used for arrow fletching.
Poisonbloom
Flower that grows in toxic terrain.
Material used for crafting items.
Dripping with a deep-green poisonous liquid.
Trina's Lily
A light-purple water lily that is on the verge of wilting.
Material used for crafting items.
Exceedingly rare to find.
A symbol of faith in St. Trina.
Dulls the senses, preventing agitation.
Fulgurbloom
Yellow flower that grows in lightning-struck lands.
Material used for crafting items.
Imbued with traces of lightning's essence.
Miquella's Lily
A delicate water lily of unalloyed gold that has started to fade and wilt.
Material used for crafting items.
Exceedingly rare to find.
A flower signifying faith in the Haligtree.
Thought to be beloved by the Empyrean Miquella in his youth.
Grave Violet
A purple flower than blooms in graveyards.
Material used for crafting items.
The hue of ghostflame, it's believed to be useful in calling forth spirits.
Faded Erdleaf Flower
An Erdleaf flower that has faded to a pale scarlet, found blooming in rotten lands.
Material used in crafting items.
Said to be fed by leaves that fell from the Erdtree in days of antiquity.
Erdleaf Flower
A dusky yellow flower that has started to fade to brown, found throughout the Lands Between.
Material used for crafting items.
Said to be fed by leaves that fell from the Erdtree in days of antiquity.
Altus Bloom
A golden-tinged flower from a succulent plant that blooms on the Altus Plateau.
Material used for crafting items.
Said to be a funereal flower in an era long past, before the Erdtree grew.
Fire Blossom
A half-ashen and smoldering flower that blooms on the Mountaintops of the Giants.
Material used for crafting items.
Fertilized by the sparks from the forge at the peak where burns the flame of ruin.
Golden Sunflower
A golden sunflower that grows facing the Erdtree.
Material used for crafting items.
Found near Minor Erdtrees.
At the foot of the Erdtree, they retain their color, along with a powerful holy essence.
Tarnished Golden Sunflower
A large flower that blooms facing the Erdtree.
Material used for crafting items.
Found near Minor Erdtrees.
Though wilted and faded, it still retains holy essence.
Herba
Evergreen leaves that give off a faint light.
Material used for crafting items.
This very common medicinal plant can be found in thickets and elsewhere.
Arteria Leaf
Dark red leaves with thick, swollen veins.
Material used for crafting items.
Exceedingly rare to find.
A faint pulse can be felt in the veins.
Stirs the blood, providing an enlivening effect.
Dewkissed Herba
A herb that grows in the false night
in and around the Eternal City.
Material used for crafting items.
Soaked in arcane dew, it gives off the faint glow of starlight.
Rowa Fruit
Berry-like red fruits that grow in shrubs.
Material used for crafting items.
Easily found everywhere in the Lands Between, it has a wide variety of uses.
Golden Rowa
A Rowa fruit tinted with gold.
Material used for crafting items.
Easily found near the Erdtree.
Rimed Rowa
A berry-like fruit, thought to be the original strain of Rowa.
Material used for crafting items.
Found in frigid highlands.
This hardy species takes root even when frozen solid.
Bloodrose
Blood-slick roses that bloom in blood-soaked soil.
Material used for crafting items.
Particularly beloved by those who serve the Lord of Blood. Glory to his inevitable reign.
Eye of Yelough
A shrub fruit bursting with ripened pulp.
Material used for crafting items.
Grown in lands afflicted by frenzy, it's used for its pain-relieving properties... Though it's also known to be a dangerous intoxicant.
Crystal Bud
A young plant, crystalized before it could mature.
Material used for crafting items.
Widely found in Liurnia Lake.
Rimed Crystal Bud
A young plant, frozen into a crystal before it could mature. Material used for crafting items.
Widely found in cold regions.
Sacramental Bud
An immature bud containing fresh blood.
Material used for crafting items.
Believed to originate long ago from a strain of buds cultivated with youthful, sacramental blood.
Mushroom
A fungal growth that thrives in damp thickets and elsewhere. Material used for crafting items.
Its thick, spongy flesh makes it a key component in throwing pots.
Melted Mushroom
A mushroom that grows in the false night in and around the Eternal City.
Material used for crafting items.
It drips with a viscous fluid that behaves much like oil.
Toxic Mushroom
A mushroom covered in toxic mold that grows in rotten lands. Material used for crafting items.
A skilled hand can repurpose its toxic mold into an effective ward against scarlet rot.
Root Resin
Resin secreted from the roots of the Greattree.
Can also be found near trees on the surface.
Material used in crafting items.
The roots of the Greattree were once linked to those of the Erdtree, or so they say, and it is for this reason catacombs are built around Greattree roots.
Cracked Crystal
A cracked, impure, degraded, and altogether
unremarkable crystal.
Material used for crafting items.
Widely found in crystal tunnels.
Sanctuary Stone
A rare piece of stone fragment found near places where ruins have fallen from the sky.
Material used for crafting items.
It feeds and strengthens the light as it shines.
Nascent Butterfly
An arcane butterfly with translucent wings.
Material used for crafting items.
Exceedingly rare to find.
This butterfly appears as if it's just emerged
from its cocoon for its entire life.
Aeonian Butterfly
A butterfly with withered, scarlet wings
found in the Swamp of Aeonia.
Material used for crafting items.
According to myth, these butterflies were
once the wings of the Goddess of Rot herself.
Smoldering Butterfly
An eternally burning butterfly found near wildfires and elsewhere. Material used for crafting items.
Serves as the kindling for a number of items.
Silver Firefly
Firefly that gives off a silvery light.
Material used in crafting items.
Found near bodies of cold water untouched by sunlight.
The light of fireflies is believed to have an alluring magic. Silver light is considered to invite riches.
Gold Firefly
Firefly that gives off a golden light.
Material used in crafting items.
Found near bodies of water close to Minor Erdtrees.
The light of fireflies is believed to have an alluring magic. Golden light is considered to invite runes.
Glintstone Firefly
A firefly whose glowing tail has hardened into
glintstone, widely found in Liurnia Lake.
Material used for crafting items.
Alas, now that its tail is glintstone,
it can no longer beguile potential mates.
Golden Centipede
The golden, desiccated remains of a centipede.
Material used for crafting items.
Kept as a fetish by Golden Order fundamentalists, especially the hunters of Those Who Live in Death.
As such, they're found near churches and similar.
Silver Tear Husk
A hardened husk shed by a formless life form known as the Silver Tear, found in and around the Eternal City.
Material used for crafting items.
The Silver Tear makes mockery of life, reborn again and again into imitation.
Perhaps, one day, it will be reborn a lord...
Gold-Tinged Excrement
Someone's excrement. It has a golden tinge.
Material used for crafting items.
Often hidden in woods and thickets.
Gold-tinged excrement is a highly stable substance; it doesn't dry out, nor does it lose its customary warmth or scent. For better or for worse, it remains as it is.
Blood-Tainted Excrement
The bloody excrement of a carnivorous beast.
Material used for crafting items.
Found in the land of the new dynasty.
Mixed inside with half-digested flesh are dense colonies of tiny eggs of unknown but assuredly revolting origin.
Cave Moss
Faintly luminescent moss that grows in dark caves.
Material used in crafting items.
A fundamental ingredient for medicinal boluses.
Budding Cave Moss
Faintly luminescent moss that grows in dark caves,
speckled with tiny, yellow flowers.
Material used for crafting items.
It is primarily used in perfumes.
Crystal Cave Moss
Faintly luminescent moss that grows in dark caves,
laced with fine crystals.
Material used for crafting items.
Among the mosses, it possesses unique medicinal properties.
Yellow Ember
An ember taken from the eye socket of a corpse.
Material used for crafting items.
A sign that the deceased suffered from the flame of frenzy. This grape has ripened and burst.
Volcanic Stone
A smoldering rock containing hot gas.
Material used for crafting items.
Found on Mt. Gelmir.
Formic Rock
Rock formed from solidified giant ant venom. Highly acidic. Material used for crafting items.
Found near Ainsel River and other places where giant ants live.
Gravel Stone
A small clump of sharp, pointed stones.
Material used for crafting items.
Such compound stones, found in lands once beset by ancient dragons, are said to be the scales of those very beasts.
Black Knife Tiche
Legendary ashen remains.
Use to summon the spirit of Black Knife Tiche.
Tiche was one of the assassins who, on the night of the plot, imbued her black knife with the Rune of Death and slew Godwyn the Golden. She was the daughter of the Black Knife Ringleader, Alecto, and was killed protecting her mother during their flight from the royal capital.
Banished Knight Oleg
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Oleg, the Banished Knight.
One of the two knights known as the Wings of the Storm. After his banishment, he attracted the notice of the Grace-Given Lord and later, having slain a hundred traitors as the Lord's hand, Oleg earned the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial.
Banished Knight Oleg +1
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Oleg, the Banished Knight.
One of the two knights known as the Wings of the Storm. After his banishment, he attracted the notice of the Grace-Given Lord and later, having slain a hundred traitors as the Lord's hand, Oleg was welcomed back to the Erdtree as a hero.
Banished Knight Engvall
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Engvall, the Banished Knight.
One of the two knights dubbed the Wings of the Storm. Despite his banishment, he rejected the invitation of the Grace-Given Lord, instead keeping watch over a masterless castle for many years, gaining renown as a hero of the fringes.
Fanged Imp Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon two fanged imp spirits.
These spirits are well suited to causing a disturbance, moving nimbly like pests and hurling magic pots.
The two imps seem fond of each other's company.
Latenna the Albinauric
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Latenna the Albinauric.
A rare case of one who chose to become a spirit voluntarily.
Latenna was renowned as a deft magic archer. But having lost her beloved wolf companion, Lobo, she cannot move from the place where she was summoned.
Nomad Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a nomad.
A member of a tribe that was entombed in the earth so as to bury the maddening disease that followed them. Able to emit the terrible flame of frenzy from his eyes, but has low HP and is frail, unable to take much in the way of punishment.
Nightmaiden &amp; Swordstress Puppets
An old puppet crafted in the Eternal City.
Use to summon the spirits of a nightmaiden and a swordstress.
These sisters, members of a cold-blooded race who wield flowing weapons, became puppets of their own volition.
Mimic Tear Ashes
Legendary ashen remains.
Use to summon the spirit of a mimic tear.
Summoning consumes HP rather than FP.
This spirit takes the form of the summoner to fight alongside them, but its mimicry does not extend to imitating the summoner's will.
Mimic tears are the result of an attempt by the Eternal City to forge a lord.
Crystalian Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a Crystalian.
Spirit that wields round crystalline blades, both big and small. Its sturdy body, itself hewn from crystal long ago, is hard enough to blunt its opponent's blades, but blows from bludgeoning weapons can shatter it easily.
Crystalian Ashes +1
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a Crystalian.
Spirit that wields round crystalline blades, both big and small. Its sturdy body, itself hewn from crystal long ago, is hard enough to blunt its opponent's blades, but blows from blunt weapons can shatter it easily.
Ancestral Follower Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of an ancestral follower.
A spirit of the horned folk who eschew letters and metalworking. Brawny, and versed in distinctive spiritual arts, this particular tribesman wields a heavy bow.
Winged Misbegotten Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a winged misbegotten.
A spirit with the aspect of wings which takes flight to loose arrows from its bow. The misbegotten are held to be a punishment for making contact with the Crucible, and from birth they are treated as slaves, or worse.
Albinauric Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two Albinaurics.
A strapping duo of cartwheeling spirits who wield ripple swords and spew freezing breath.
Both are second-generation Albinaurics, with dumpy heads that resemble those of frogs.
Skeletal Militiaman Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two skeletal militiamen.
These are the spirits of militiamen who live in Death, and will continue to rise again until properly finished off.
This is the grotesque fate of those who come into contact with Deathroot.
Skeletal Bandit Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a skeletal bandit.
This is the spirit of a bandit who lives in Death, and will continue to rise again until properly finished off.
After the night of the plot, Deathroot appeared in the Lands Between, and Those Who Live in Death soon followed.
Oracle Envoy Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of four Oracle Envoys.
Spirits of a monstrous band of musicians who employ sacred arts. It is said that when Oracle Envoys appear, playing their pipes, they do so to herald the arrival of a new god, or a new age.
Putrid Corpse Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of four putrid corpses.
These spirits appear some distance from the summoner. Though their movements are dull and confused, their low moans make them effective at drawing the attention of enemies. True death does not come easily for them.
Depraved Perfumer Carmaan
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Carmaan, the depraved perfumer.
Depraved perfumers practice their art for themselves alone. Carmaan was a notably formidable perfumer whose strength rivaled that of heroes, and it is said that he was in search of a secret physick of revivification.
Perfumer Tricia
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Tricia, the perfumer.
Tricia was once known as a healer who dedicated her efforts to treating Misbegotten, Omen, and all those seen as impure. When her efforts failed, she was their companion as they died, watching over them to ensure that they could pass peacefully, free of pain.
A tale akin to the origins of the deathbed companions.
Glintstone Sorcerer Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a glintstone sorcerer.
Spirit of a Raya Lucaria sorcerer wearing a stone crown.
A scholar of the Olivinus Conspectus, who has mastered the use of the Glintstone Stars sorcery.
Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a Twinsage sorcerer.
Spirit of a Raya Lucaria sorcerer wearing a stone crown.
Those who study the Twinsage Conspectus are the academy's elite, capable of mastering the Glintstone Cometshard and Crystal Burst sorceries.
Page Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a page.
Spirit of a page who traveled at the side of the noble he served. Uses a piercing sword and crossbow to defend his master.
One becomes a page merely by accident of being born into obscurity; nothing is asked of ability, talent, or volition.
Battlemage Hugues
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Battlemage Hugues.
Hugues came from Sellia to study the Haima Conspectus at the academy, where he became a battlemage.
Haima scholars seek to quell conflict with cannon fire and the gavel, but Hugues developed a longing for it.
Clayman Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two claymen.
Bowed with age, these spirits are sluggish but hard to stagger.
The warped remains of priests who searched for revelation in service of the ancient dynasty, they employ two sorceries that produce smaller and larger bubbles.
Cleanrot Knight Finlay
Legendary ashen remains.
Use to summon the spirit of the Cleanrot Knight Finlay.
Finlay was one of the few survivors of the Battle of Aeonia, who in an unimaginable act of heroism carried the slumbering demigod Malenia all the way back to the Haligtree. She managed the feat alone, fending off all manner of foes along the way.
Kindred of Rot Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon a spirit of the Kindred of Rot.
This spirit takes the form of a crawling pest, its chitinous body making a dry rustling sound.
Attacks enemies by secreting sticky threads.
The Kindred of Rot are the servants of the Goddess of Rot—servants that have been forsaken.
Marionette Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two marionette soldiers.
Spirits of marionette soldiers created to serve a sorcerer.
These marionettes are archers, each equipped with a pair of bows.
On the verge of falling apart, they are ill-disciplined and attack without warning.
Avionette Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two avionette soldiers.
Spirits of marionette soldiers with avian features that were created to serve a sorcerer.
Equipped with long-hafted scythes, they also attack from the skies by lobbing fire pots.
Can sometimes malfunction when damaged.
Fire Monk Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a Fire Monk.
Spirit of a stout monk who monitored the Giants' Flame. Versed in fire incantations, and himself steeled against fire.
Though he was charged with keeping watch over the Flame, after many years of solemn duty, he has succumbed to its allure.
Blackflame Monk Amon
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Amon, the Blackflame Monk.
Amon swore fealty to the god-slaying black flame, and so became the first fire monk to turn traitor.
Or perhaps it is better said that he fled from the Giants' Flame—out of cowardice.
Man-Serpent Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a man-serpent.
Spirit of a deformed man-serpent that wields a whip of magma.
It is said that long ago, the elder serpent that dwelled on Mt. Gelmir devoured a demigod, and the birth of the man-serpents followed.
Azula Beastman Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two Azula beastmen.
Spirits of beastmen from doomed Farum Azula, the slowly crumbling ruins in the skies. These ruins are said to be the remains of a giant mausoleum enshrining an ancient dragon, guarded by chosen beastmen who wield weapons clad in lightning.
Kaiden Sellsword Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a Kaiden sellsword.
Spirit of a mercenary belonging to a horse-riding folk. Skillfully uses a massive blade made for dismounting other riders, and enhances his already considerable strength with war cries.
The sellswords of Kaiden made their prowess known on countless battlefields.
Lone Wolf Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of three lone wolves.
Spirits of wolves chased from their pack. They later encountered a nameless Tarnished, who welcomed them as hunting companions.
The wolf spirits overwhelm enemies with their agility, aiding the summoner in combat.
Giant Rat Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of three giant rats.
Spirits that do not require FP to summon.
The rat spirits appear at a distance from the summoner, swarming upon their victim to start the fight.
Even as spirits, these vermin seem to multiply endlessly. Enhancing these ashes can increase their numbers.
Giant Rat Ashes +5
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of four giant rats.
Spirits that do not require FP to summon.
The rat spirits appear at a distance from the summoner, swarming upon their victim to start the fight.
Even as spirits, these vermin seem to multiply endlessly. Enhancing these ashes can increase their numbers.
Giant Rat Ashes +10
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of five giant rats.
Spirits that do not require FP to summon.
The rat spirits appear at a distance from the summoner, swarming upon their victim to start the fight.
These vermin once seemed to multiply incessantly, but their fecundity in death has abated for now.
Demi-Human Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of five demi-humans.
Spirits of demi-humans that are small in stature, but have a violent, brutish disposition. Though they seem somewhat intelligent, when night falls, their blood boils and they become feral.
Demi-Human Ashes +1
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of five demi-humans.
Spirits of demi-humans that are small in stature, but have a violent, brutish disposition. Though they may seem intelligent, when night falls, their blood boils and they become feral.
Rotten Stray Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a rotten stray.
Spirit of a stray dog corrupted by the scarlet rot.
Though it is only a small creature, it is as violent as it is nimble, and its fangs fester with poisonous rot.
Spirit Jellyfish Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon a spirit jellyfish.
A floating spirit that illuminates its surroundings. 
Prone to tears, the jellyfish girl searches for her distant home. Will bravely spew poison at foes on her summoner's behalf.
It seems her name is Aurelia.
Warhawk Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a warhawk.
Spirit of a Stormveil warhawk, the talons of which have been sliced off so that razor-fine swords could be grafted in their place.
With its lord vanquished, and its wings wounded, the hawk perished as it solemnly gazed at its former home.
The storm is a warhawk's cradle.
Warhawk Ashes +1
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a warhawk.
Spirit of a Stormveil warhawk, the talons of which have been sliced off so that razor-fine swords could be grafted in their place.
With its lord vanquished, and its wings wounded, the hawk perished as it solemnly gazed at its former home.
The storm was its cradle.
Stormhawk Deenh
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Deenh the Stormhawk.
Spirit of a fierce hawk that faithfully rendered lifelong service to the old king of Stormveil long ago, when the true storm raged. Its cries embolden its fellows in battle, and the tempestuous winds that encircle it shred through foes.
Bloodhound Knight Floh
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Floh, the Bloodhound Knight.
Spirit of a Bloodhound Knight they called the Rabid Stray. Will attack without pause immediately after being summoned.
Floh vowed that there was only one lord he would serve: a true king. And so, the Rabid Stray never found a master.
Wandering Noble Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of five wandering nobles.
The spirits of nobles who, after death, now wander the Lands Between. Surely they were in search of something once—but whatever it was has long been forgotten.
Noble Sorcerer Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a noble sorcerer.
Spirit of a nobleman who once asked to be given a place at Raya Lucaria to learn glintstone sorceries.
His talents were insufficient to be worthy of donning the stone crown, however, and he is only capable of using the most rudimentary sorcery.
Vulgar Militia Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of three vulgar militiamen.
Spirits of the vulgar militia who wield long-hafted, serrated hatchets. These brutal weapons are particularly effective at causing blood loss to opponents.
In the Lands Between, the small were scorned, and so they formed their vulgar militia as a means to make a living, albeit in ignominy.
Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of a mad pumpkin head.
Spirit of a mad soldier with a large, brawny physique.
Though he has stifled his panic within the dark confines of his helmet, he rampages as if driven mad when agitated by bloodshed or the humming of insects.
This mad soldier is all that is left of a broken gladiator.
Land Squirt Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of three land squirts
Summoning consumes HP rather than FP.
These spirits appear some distance from the summoner.
The firm, fleshy tubes of the creatures remain rooted to the spot, spraying poisonous liquid over their surroundings.
Miranda Sprout Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of five miranda sprouts.
Summoning consumes HP rather than FP.
Spirits of sweet little miranda flowers, carnivorous blossoms that feed upon human flesh. They creep slowly, scattering toxic pollen.
Vulnerable to fire—do take care of the little darlings.
Soldjars of Fortune Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of three little living jars.
Summoning consumes HP rather than FP.
These reckless spirits sacrifice themselves to vanquish their summoner's foes, and explode upon death.
Though their bravery is admirable, their explosions can harm friend as well as foe, and they will also immediately explode on contact with fire.
"Tell the others—tell them how brightly a fire jar burns."
Omenkiller Rollo
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirit of Omenkiller Rollo.
Spirit of Rollo, known as the first Omenkiller.
Once a famous perfumer, Rollo imbibed a physick to rid himself of emotion, thus enabling him to enact his nightmarish labor, hunting the Omen.
Greatshield Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon five greatshield soldier spirits.
Spirits of greatshield soldiers who belonged to the Fallen Hawks, a band of soldiers that once explored the Eternal City. Stout defenders with a steady guard.
Though their methods are somewhat crude, they work well as a squadron, and will attract the attention of enemies or lob ghostflame from the rearguard.
Archer Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon three archer spirits.
Spirits of archers who belonged to the Fallen Hawks, a band of soldiers that once explored the Eternal City. Their arrows are imbued with cold ghostflame.
Though their methods are somewhat crude, they work well as a squadron, firing a hail of arrows in unison at the sound of a war cry.
Godrick Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two of Godrick's soldiers.
A duo of spirits, consisting of a wielder of devastating charged hammer attacks in the vanguard and a crossbowman bringing up the rear.
The soldiers who serve Godrick the Grafted are what remains of the army that fled the royal capital of the Erdtree.
Godrick Soldier Ashes +1
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two of Godrick's soldiers.
A duo of spirits, consisting of a wielder of devastating charged hammer attacks in the vanguard and a crossbowman bringing up the rear.
The soldiers who serve Godrick the Grafted are what remains of the army that fled the royal city of the Erdtree.
Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of three Raya Lucaria soldiers.
A trio of spirits, consisting of two disposable foot soldiers and their superior.
The soldiers of Raya Lucaria were also known as the Cuckoos. They were given free rein by the academy to wage war as they pleased, and they were infamous for their rapacious ways.
Leyndell Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two Leyndell soldiers.
Spirits of soldiers each equipped with a spear and greatshield.
The soldiers of Leyndell fight their battles defensively. During the Shattering, they were the ramparts that fortified the royal capital.
Radahn Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of two of Radahn's soldiers.
Both spirits wield fiery weapons to perform powerful skills. Such is their valor that they will immediately attack after being summoned.
General Radahn's soldiers were all reputed to be masterful warriors, and it was popularly said that the Redmanes knew no weakness.
Mausoleum Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of five mausoleum soldiers.
Spirits of five headless soldiers who confound foes by disappearing and reappearing at will.
The mausoleum is where the bodies of soulless demigods are lain to rest, and these soldiers followed their masters into Death by severing their own heads from their bodies.
Haligtree Soldier Ashes
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell.
Use to summon the spirits of four Haligtree soldiers.
Spirits of common soldiers who carry the sacred light. When weakened, they explode to deliver a last-ditch attack.
This was the bitter revelation discovered by the desperate soldiers who awaited the return of their lord to the rotted Haligtree.
May the flash of our deaths guide Miquella's return.
Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff
Legendary ashen remains.
Use to summon the spirit of Kristoff, the Ancient Dragon Knight.
Spirit of Kristoff, an honorable knight of Leyndell who was also a devout worshipper of the ancient dragons.
His skills strike down foes with thunderbolts, the dragons' weapon of choice.
After the First Defense of Leyndell, Kristoff earned the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial for the feat of capturing Godefroy the Grafted.
Redmane Knight Ogha
Legendary ashen remains.
Use to summon the spirit of Ogha, the Redmane Knight.
Spirit of a mighty knight versed in the use of a greatbow.
A valiant warrior who will attack immediately after being summoned.
The longest-serving member of the Redmane Knights, Ogha studied techniques to manipulate gravity alongside Radahn.
May use a rain of gravitational arrows in response to a war cry, but only once.
Lhutel the Headless
Legendary ashen remains.
Use to summon the spirit of Lhutel the Headless.
Spirit of a headless knight who leads the mausoleum soldiers.
Wields a lance enrobed in Death and hurls spectral lances at foes.
Lhutel sacrificed her life so that in Death she could continue to protect a soulless demigod until their revival, earning her the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial.
Nepheli Loux Puppet
One of Seluvis's favorite puppets.
Use to summon the spirit of Nepheli Loux.
Puppet of a warrior who was betrayed by her pure heart. Wields a Stormhawk Axe in both hands and uses the Thunderstorm skill.
A diamond in the rough, deserving of special care lest its potential be squandered. Nepheli Loux truly was a warrior.
Dung Eater Puppet
One of Seluvis's puppets.
Use to summon the spirit of the Dung Eater.
Spirit of a man who murdered thousands and defiled their corpses with the Seedbed Curse.
Wields a spine greatsword and hurls curses.
The Dung Eater despaired at how he met his end.
How hideous and sinister this puppet is, and yet, its utter despair invites one to care for it.
Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet
One of Seluvis's puppets.
Use to summon the spirit of the Finger Maiden Therolina.
Spirit of Finger Maiden who never met the Tarnished she was meant to guide. Uses healing incantations and Holy Water Pots, but she is not a fighter by nature and is ill-suited to battle.
A Maiden without a Tarnished. A Tarnished without a Maiden. And yet no guide to bring them together.
Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Puppet
One of Seluvis's favorite puppets.
Use to summon the spirit of Dolores the Sleeping Arrow
Spirit of a handsome archer who dressed in the style of a man. Called the Silent Hunter by some, she fires St. Trina's arrows from her shortbow.
Dolores once belonged to the Roundtable Hold, where she was both a critic and a friend of Gideon the All-Knowing. It was because of her that he and Seluvis went their separate ways.
Jarwight Puppet
One of Seluvis's puppets.
Use to summon the spirit of a jarwight
Spirit of a man who wished to become the innards of a living jar. A jar-hurling specialist who throws all manner of pots and jars.
The warrior jar once told the nameless man this:
"You are not yet ready to join the warriors inside. No, you must apply yourself! Better yourself, and one day I will return for you."
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of
The Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain many runes.
Grace was brought to the very fringes and lowlands
of the Lands Between. And with the Golden Order
came the weight of its history. A history of conquest
and subjugation.
GR_Dialogues.fmg
CANCEL
YES
NO
RETRY
CONTINUE
RETURN TO TITLE
Additional items required
Insufficient items/runes
Returning to default settings.
Is that okay?
Restoring all default settings.
Is that okay?
Leaving &lt;?itemName?&gt;.
Is that okay?
Discarding &lt;?itemName?&gt;.
Is that okay?
Leaving all selected items.
Is that okay?
Discarding all selected items.
Is that okay?
Only eight items can be left at once. If you leave any more items, the items you left earlier will be lost, starting with the oldest.
Is that okay?
Ashes of War are applied to &lt;?itemName?&gt;.
If this item is lost, its Ashes of War will be lost as well.
Is that okay?
Ashes of War are applied to &lt;?itemName?&gt;.
If you discard this item, its Ashes of War will be lost.
Is that okay?
Ashes of War are applied to an item you've selected.
If that item is lost, its Ashes of War will be lost as well.
Is that okay?
Ashes of War are applied to an item you've selected.
If you discard that item, its Ashes of War will be lost.
Is that okay?
This action will exceed maximum runes.
Runes exceeding maximum will be lost.
Use regardless?
Unable to use this item effectively with present attributes
Unable to use this item effectively with present attributes,
unless wielded with both hands
Cannot summon this spirit at present level
Cannot equip talisman as an incompatible talisman is currently equipped
Cannot change equipment at this time
Loss of memory slots will result in removal of any excess sorceries or incantations.
Is that okay?
Sorceries and incantations exceeding the number of memory slots have been removed
Multiplayer password history
Select password
Group password history
No multiplayer password history
No group password history
Using a Finger Remedy will send summoned spirits home.
Is that okay?
Using a Finger Remedy will retract your summon sign.
Is that okay?
Save the game and return to title menu?
Return to the title menu to change language settings
Settings have been changed.
This will revert to the previous setting in &lt;?remainingSec?&gt; seconds.
Keep current settings?
Some settings will only be applied after returning to title menu
This setting will be applied after restarting the game
HDR turned off
HDR turned on
Some setting changes have not been applied.
To apply these changes, return to the title menu.
Traveling to &lt;?placeName?&gt;.
Is that okay?
Cannot travel to a site of grace from this location
Cannot travel to a site of grace during multiplayer
You cannot travel to a site of grace now
You have been trapped.
You cannot travel to sites of grace until you rest at one.
Cannot travel to a site of grace right now
Removing all markers placed.
Is that okay?
You have placed the maximum number of markers and cannot place any more
Cannot focus on your current location
You have marked the maximum number of
sites of grace and cannot mark any more
Removing the marker from this site of grace.
Is that okay?
Spend &lt;?demandSoul?&gt; runes and level up?
Canceling level up.
Is that okay?
Select at least one attribute to level up
Level at maximum.
Cannot raise level any further.
Undergo rebirth?
Canceling rebirth
Reallocate attributes until you reach your original level
This will reduce your memory slots.
Loss of memory slots will result in removal
of any excess sorceries or incantations.
Undergo rebirth?
Sorceries/incantations exceeding the number of memory slots
have been removed
Remove these Ashes of War from &lt;?itemNameBeforeForge?&gt; and apply them to &lt;?itemNameAfterForge?&gt;?
If you change the equipped Great Rune, the
current Great Rune's effects will be removed.
Is that okay?
Strengthen &lt;?itemNameBeforeForge?&gt; into &lt;?itemNameAfterForge?&gt;?
This cannot be strengthened, as you already have &lt;?itemNameAfterForge?&gt;
Strengthen &lt;?itemNameBeforeForge?&gt;
to make &lt;?itemNameAfterForge?&gt;?
Armament cannot be strengthened any further at the smithing table
Offer &lt;?demandSoul?&gt; Dragon Hearts
to make &lt;?itemName?&gt; thine own
This strength is already thine own
Give &lt;?demandSoul?&gt; starlight shards
to receive &lt;?itemName?&gt;
This puppet is already yours
Duplicate &lt;?itemName?&gt;
Cannot further duplicate this Ash of War
Receive &lt;?itemName?&gt;
Items exceeding maximum have been placed in chest
Cannot receive.
The number you would receive would exceed the maximum
able to be held in inventory and storage.
Cannot duplicate.
The number you would receive would exceed the maximum
able to be held in inventory and storage.
Cannot further duplicate this remembrance 
Purchase &lt;?itemName?&gt;
for &lt;?demandSoul?&gt; runes
Cannot purchase.
The number you wish to buy would exceed the maximum
able to be held in inventory and storage.
Out of stock.
Cannot purchase anymore.
Sell &lt;?itemName?&gt;
for &lt;?sellSouls?&gt; runes
Cannot sell currently equipped items
Cannot sell this item
Ashes of War are applied to &lt;?itemName?&gt; .
If you sell this item, its Ashes of War will be lost.
Is that okay?
Allocate?
Canceling allocation.
Is that okay?
Craft &lt;?itemName?&gt;
Crafted items exceeding maximum have been placed in chest
Cannot craft this item.
The number you wish to craft would exceed the maximum
able to be held in inventory and storage.
Cannot craft this item as you do not have enough cracked pots
Cannot craft this item as you do not have enough perfume bottles
Cannot craft this item as you do not have enough ritual pots
Cannot craft this item as you do not have any cracked pots
Cannot craft this item as you do not have any ritual pots
Cannot craft this item as you do not have any perfume bottles
Spend remembrance and &lt;?demandSoul?&gt; runes
to receive &lt;?itemName?&gt;
Acquire &lt;?itemName?&gt; in exchange for remembrance
You cannot receive this power.
The number you would receive would exceed the maximum
able to be held in inventory and storage.
You cannot receive any more power from this remembrance,
as you have reached its maximum
Alter to &lt;?itemName?&gt;
Use &lt;?demandSoul?&gt; runes to alter to &lt;?itemName?&gt;
Altered items exceeding maximum have been placed in chest
You cannot alter these items.
The number you would receive would exceed the maximum
able to be held in inventory and storage.
You cannot alter any more of these items,
as you have reached the maximum
Flask of Crimson Tears
Flask of Cerulean Tears
A new map has been found.
A knight exiled from their homeland to
wander. A solid, armor-clad origin.
A nomad warrior who fights wielding two
blades at once. An origin of exceptional
technique.
A stalwart hero, at home with a battleaxe,
descended from a badlands chieftain.
A dangerous bandit who strikes for
weak points. Excels at ranged combat
with bows.
A scholar who reads fate in the stars.
Heir to the school of glintstone sorcery.
A seer ostracized for inauspicious
prophecies. Well-versed in healing
incantations.
A capable fighter from the distant Land of
Reeds. Handy with katana and longbows.
A prisoner bound in an iron mask. Studied
in glintstone sorcery, having lived among
the elite prior to sentencing.
A church spy adept at covert operations.
Equally adept with a sword as they are
with their incantations.
A poor, purposeless sod, naked as the day
they were born. A nice club is all they have.
No keepsake. The past has been well and
truly left behind.
A medallion inlaid with crimson amber.
Increases maximum HP.
The gold of grace shining in the eyes of
the people of the Lands Between.
Use to gain many runes.
A golden seed washed ashore from the
Lands Between. Said to reinforce
Sacred Flasks.
The ashes of small, diminutive golems.
Ashes are said to hold spirits within.
Three strange cracked pots that somehow
mend themselves. A container for certain
thrown items.
Two stone keys shaped like swords.
Breaks the seal on imp statues, but can only be used once.
Five sacred branches charged with beguiling
power. Said to originate from the
demigod Miquella.
Five pieces of boiled prawn.
Boosts physical damage negation.
The crazed likeness of a noble whose eyes have been gouged out.
Attracts enemies' aggression.
Average physique
Muscular physique
Mirror tattoos and marks
Do not mirror tattoos and marks
Do not apply eye alterations
Display burn marks
Do not display burn marks
The most common face among the Tarnished.
After all, they were all warriors once.
The face of an austere pilgrim.
There are many roads to truth.
A regal face found among those who claim
noble blood in the Lands Between.
Face found among a proud and seclusive
tribe of folk well-versed in ancient
legends and heresies alike.
A face found among the hardy people
of the unforgiving north. Some say
they're descended from giants.
The face of one who wanders the seas in
search of their home in the Lands Between.
A face from the faraway, isolated Land
of Reeds, where blood is a familiar sight.
The stony face of the people of the
ancient dragons, among whom life
is typically short.
The features of those known as
Nightfolk. Few in number, they were
said to bleed silver long ago.
The face of the Numen, supposed
descendants of denizens of another
world. Long-lived but seldom born.
Select gesture for this slot
Select gesture to use
Edit message composition
Change bound gesture
Finish writing message
Select template
Select word category
Select word
Select conjunction
View composed messages
See recently viewed messages
Select profile to load
Select profile to delete
GR_MenuText.fmg
x
&lt;?null?&gt;
 
Choose revival location
Stake of Marika
Discard
Use selected
Leave selected
Discard selected
Use how many?
Leave how many?
Discard how many?
Purchase how many?
Sell how many?
Store how many?
Take how many?
Make how many?
Explanation
View Controls
Menu Explanation
Toggle multiplayer status display
Default Order
Item Type
Number Held
Weight
FP Cost
Slots Used
Attack Power
Guarded Damage Negation
Damage Negation
Resistance
Order of Acquisition
Name
Body Type
Origin
Keepsake
Level
Runes Held
Runes Needed
Faction
Age
Vigor
Endurance
Mind
Strength
Dexterity
Intelligence
Faith
Arcane
HP
FP
Stamina
Equip Load
Max Equip Load
Light Load
Med. Load
Heavy Load
Overloaded
R Armament 1
R Armament 2
R Armament 3
L Armament 1
L Armament 2
L Armament 3
Physical
VS Strike
VS Slash
VS Pierce
Magic
Fire
Lightning
Holy
Immunity
Robustness
Focus
Vitality
Memory Slots
Discovery
Poise
Armament Type
Spell Type
Attack Affinity
No. Held
Stored
Skill
Held
Containers
Critical
Guard Boost
Range
Sorcery Scaling
Incant Scaling
HP Cost
Str
Dex
Int
Fai
Arc
S
A
B
C
D
E
Consumable
Reusable
Containers Held
Runes Required
Runes Offered
Attributes Required
Attribute Scaling
Passive Effects
Item Effect
Obtained
Attribute Points
Base Stats
Defense/Dmg Negation
Defense Power
Protection
Body
Lineage
Equipment
Mixing Status
Necessary Stats
This character's name
This character's body type
This character's background
What winding paths brought them here
The keepsake held by this character
Each a reflection of its owner
A cumulative figure that represents overall
attribute strength.
You can level up using runes.
Total runes in possession.
Upon dying, you will drop any runes in your possession at the site of your death.
Number of runes required to raise a level.
When you level up, you can choose an attribute to increase.
The number of Great Runes in your possession
Character's apparent age
Attribute governing HP.
Also affects fire resistance
and immunity.
Attribute governing stamina.
Also affects robustness.
This attribute also determines how
heavy your equipment can be.
Attribute that determines FP.
Also affects focus.
Attribute required to wield heavy armaments.
Also boosts attack power of strength-scaling
armaments and affects your physical defense.
Attribute required to wield advanced armaments.
Also boosts attack power of dexterity-scaling
armaments, reduces casting time of spells,
softens fall damage, and makes it harder to
be knocked off your horse.
Attribute required to perform glintstone
sorceries. Also boosts magic power of
intelligence-scaling sorceries and improves
magic resistance.
Attribute required to perform sacred
incantations. Also boosts magic power
of faith-scaling incantations.
Attribute governing discovery.
Also affects holy defense, vitality,
and certain sorceries and incantations.
Your life. If reduced to nothing, you die.
Replenish it by drinking from the Flask of
Crimson Tears or resting at a site of grace.
Energy consumed to use spells and skills.
Replenish it by drinking from the Flask of
Cerulean Tears or resting at a site of grace.
Required for various actions.
Depletes when certain actions are taken,
but recovers automatically.
Total weight of equipped armaments and
armor. Movement slows as load increases.
The rightmost number is the maximum
weight that can be equipped; exceed it
and movement slows dramatically.
Max weight of equippable
armaments and armor.
Movement slows as load
increases. Exceed this number and
movement slows dramatically.
Attack power of the armament
equipped in right hand slot 1
Attack power of the armament
equipped in right hand slot 2
Attack power of the armament
equipped in right hand slot 3
Attack power of the armament
equipped in left hand slot 1
Attack power of the armament
equipped in left hand slot 2
Attack power of the armament
equipped in left hand slot 3
The body's capacity to endure
standard physical damage
The body's capacity to endure
striking physical damage
The body's capacity to endure
slashing physical damage
The body's capacity to endure
piercing physical damage
The body's capacity to endure
magical damage
The body's capacity to endure
fire damage
The body's capacity to endure
lightning damage
The body's capacity to endure
holy damage
The body's capacity to resist various
poisons and rot.
Higher values make it more difficult to succumb to these ailments.
The body's capacity to resist
blood loss and frostbite.
Higher values make it more difficult to succumb to these ailments.
The body's capacity to resist
sleep and bouts of madness.
Higher values make it more difficult to succumb to these ailments.
The body's capacity to resist death.
Higher values make it more difficult to be afflicted with instant death.
The number of slots available for
memorizing sorceries and incantations
Governs likelihood of finding items
on the corpses of defeated foes
The degree to which you can resist
collapsing under enemy attacks
Your defense power and damage negation
against standard physical attacks. The
former is calculated via attributes, while
the latter is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against striking physical attacks. The
former is calculated via attributes, while
the latter is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against slashing physical attacks. The
former is calculated via attributes, while
the latter is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against piercing physical attacks. The
former is calculated via attributes, while
the latter is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against magical attacks. The former is
calculated via attributes, while the latter
is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against fire attacks. The former is
calculated via attributes, while the latter
is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against lightning attacks. The former is
calculated via attributes, while the latter
is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your defense power and damage negation
against holy attacks. The former is
calculated via attributes, while the
latter is calculated via defensive gear
and any additional effects.
Your resistance to various poisons and
rot. The higher the number, the
lower your susceptibility. Governed by
your attributes, as well as defensive
gear and any additional effects.
Your resistance to blood loss and
frostbite. The higher the number, the
lower your susceptibility. Governed by
your attributes, as well as defensive
gear and any additional effects.
Your resistance to sleep and bouts of
madness. The higher the number, the
lower your susceptibility. Governed by
your attributes, as well as defensive
gear and any additional effects.
Your resistance to death. The higher the
number, the lower your susceptibility to
instant death. Governed by your attributes,
as well as defensive gear and any additional effects.
Armament category.
Armaments belonging to the same
category exhibit similar properties.
Sorceries and incantations
The types of physical damage dealt
by this armament. Other than standard
physical damage, striking, slashing,
and piercing damage can also be dealt.
Number of this item currently held.
The rightmost number indicates
the maximum you may hold at one time.
Number of this item currently
stored in chest. The rightmost number
indicates the maximum you may hold
at one time.
The names of skills you can use.
Using most skills consumes FP.
Number of containers currently held
Container items, essential to crafting, come in various forms, such as cracked pots and perfume bottles. The left number indicates how many containers are currently in use. The right number indicates how many you possess.
Number of containers remaining
to use in crafting
Physical attack power
Magic attack power
Fire attack power
Lightning attack power
Holy attack power
The degree to which physical damage
is negated while guarding
The degree to which magic damage
is negated while guarding
The degree to which fire damage
is negated while guarding
The degree to which lightning damage
is negated while guarding
The degree to which holy damage
is negated while guarding
The strength of critical hits,
which can be performed on enemies
you have got behind or stance-broken.
The stability of character's defense.
The higher this value, the smaller
the amount of stamina consumed
when guarding attacks.
Distance of ranged weapons
The amount of FP required to
perform this skill
The degree to which sorceries
increase in power
The degree to which incantations
increase in power
The number of slots needed to memorize
sorceries and incantations
The amount of FP required to
cast this spell
The amount of FP required to
use this item
The amount of HP required to use this item
The degree to which incoming
standard physical damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
striking physical damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
slashing physical damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
piercing physical damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
magic damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
fire damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
lightning damage is negated
The degree to which incoming
holy damage is negated
The resistance your armor offers to various poisons and rot. Higher values make it more difficult to succumb to these ailments.
The resistance your armor offers to blood loss and frostbite. Higher values make it more difficult to succumb to these ailments.
The resistance your armor offers to sleep and bouts of madness. Higher values make it more difficult to succumb to these ailments.
The resistance your armor offers to death. Higher values make it more difficult to be afflicted with instant death.
Strength required to master this armament.
Without sufficient strength, this armament's
damage is greatly reduced.
Dexterity required to master this armament.
Without sufficient dexterity, this
armament's damage is greatly reduced.
Intelligence required to master this
armament. Without sufficient intelligence,
this armament's damage is greatly reduced.
Faith required to master this armament.
Without sufficient faith, this armament's
damage is greatly reduced.
Arcane required to master this armament.
Without sufficient arcane, this armament's
damage is greatly reduced.
Intelligence required to cast this sorcery
or incantation.
Without sufficient intelligence, it cannot
be used.
Faith required to cast this sorcery
or incantation.
Without sufficient faith, it cannot
be used.
Arcane required to cast this sorcery
or incantation.
Without sufficient arcane, it cannot
be used.
The degree to which this armament's 
attacks scale with strength
The degree to which this armament's
attacks scale with dexterity
The degree to which this armament's
attacks scale with intelligence
The degree to which this armament's
attacks scale with faith
The degree to which this armament's power
or passive effects scale with strength
The degree to which this armament's power
or passive effects scale with dexterity
The degree to which this armament's power
or passive effects scale with intelligence
The degree to which this armament's power
or passive effects scale with faith
The degree to which this armament's power
or passive effects scale with arcane
The degree to which this armament's 
attacks scale with arcane
Weight of this equipment
Type of item.
Shows whether or not
it will be consumed with use.
This armament's innate effects
Skill granted by these Ashes of War
Armament types that these Ashes of War can alter
Affinity that these Ashes of War can grant.
This can be expanded with whetblades.
Number of runes required to buy
Number of runes required to upgrade
Number of runes required to grant
Number of runes required to receive power
from remembrances
Number of runes gained when sold
None entered
On
Off
Mild
Auto
Normal
Reversed
Allowed
Restricted
Perform Matchmaking
No Matchmaking
No Password
Play Online
Play Offline
Asynchronous Online Play
Disable
Enable
Agree
Decline
Prioritize Quality
Prioritize Frame Rate
Game Pad
Keyboard and Mouse
Fullscreen
Windowed
Borderless Windowed
Custom
Low
Medium
High
Maximum
Tools
Melee Armaments
Shields
Head
Chest
Arms
Legs
Talismans
Sorceries/Incantations
Arrows/Bolts
Bolstering Materials
Key Items
Crafting Materials
Info
Crystal Tears
Ranged Weapons / Catalysts
Ashes
Sorceries
Incantations
Equipped Armaments
Equipped Ashes
Armaments
Armor
All Items
Consumables
Throwing Pots
Perfume Arts
Special Ashes
Offensive Sorceries
Support Sorceries
Offensive Incantations
Support Incantations
Character Status
None
Standard
Strike
Standard/Strike
Slash
Standard/Slash
Strike/Slash
Standard/Strike/Slash
Pierce
Standard/Pierce
Strike/Pierce
Standard/Strike/Pierce
Slash/Pierce
Standard/Slash/Pierce
Strike/Slash/Pierce
Standard/Strike/Slash/Pierce
All Armaments
Dagger
Straight Sword
Greatsword
Colossal Sword
Curved Sword
Curved Greatsword
Katana
Twinblade
Thrusting Sword
Heavy Thrusting Sword
Axe
Greataxe
Hammer
Warhammer
Flail
Spear
Great Spear
Halberd
Reaper
Fist
Claw
Colossal Weapon
Light Bow
Bow
Greatbow
Crossbow
Ballista
Glintstone Staff
Tattoo
Sacred Seal
Small Shield
Medium Shield
Greatshield
Whip
Arrow
Greatarrow
Bolt
Greatbolt
Torch
Sorcery
Incantation
Heavy
Keen
Quality
Flame Art
Sacred
Occult
Cold
Poison
Blood
The fallen leaves tell a story.
Summon this cooperator?
Summon this adversary?
Hunters from other worlds will be automatically summoned to rescue
you when your world is invaded
Hunters will no longer be summoned automatically
You will now respond to calls for rescue from other worlds
You are no longer responding to calls for rescue from other worlds
Cancel summon sign?
Your summon sign disappeared
Invasion canceled
Finger Remedy effects wore off
Failed to create summon sign
Summoning cooperator...
Summoning adversary...
You are being summoned to another world...
Invading another world...
Summoning another cooperator...
Summoning another adversary...
Being summoned to another world as a cooperator...
Being summoned to another world as an adversary...
Being summoned to another world as a hunter...
Attempting to invade another world...
Searching for world to be summoned to as an ally...
Requesting the summons of a Broken Finger Stalker
Sending co-op sign to summoning pool
Sending hostile sign to summoning pool
Could not summon cooperator.
Cooperator was unable to join session.
Could not summon adversary.
Adversary was unable to join session.
Summoning aborted.
Unable to join session.
Could not invade.
Unable to join session.
Summoning of cooperator aborted.
Cooperator died in their world.
Summoning of adversary aborted.
Adversary died in their world.
Unable to summon cooperator due to
time out
Unable to summon adversary due to
time out
Summoning aborted due to
time out
Invasion aborted due to
time out
Unable to summon cooperator
Unable to summon adversary
Unable to be summoned
Unable to invade
Could not summon cooperator.
Failed to create session.
Could not summon adversary.
Failed to create session.
Unable to be summoned.
Failed to join session.
Could not invade.
Failed to join session.
Furled Finger &lt;?joinName?&gt; summoned as a cooperator
&lt;?joinName?&gt; summoned as a cooperator
Duelist &lt;?joinName?&gt; summoned as an adversary
Invaded by Bloody Finger &lt;?joinName?&gt;!
Invaded by Recusant &lt;?joinName?&gt;!
Invaded by &lt;?joinName?&gt;!
Hunter &lt;?joinName?&gt; summoned
Summoned as a Furled Finger cooperator.
Help &lt;?hostName?&gt;, Host of Fingers,
defeat the area boss!
Summoned as a duelist adversary.
Defeat &lt;?hostName?&gt;, Host of Fingers!
Invading another world.
Defeat &lt;?hostName?&gt;, Host of Fingers!
Summoned to the world of &lt;?hostName?&gt;,
Host of Fingers, as a hunter.
Help them defeat Bloody Finger &lt;?joinName?&gt;!
Summoned to another world.
Invading another world.
Defeat &lt;?hostName?&gt;!
Invading another world.
Defeat White Mask Varré!
Invading another world.
Defeat Old Knight Istvan!
Invading another world.
Defeat Rileigh the Idle!
Invading another world.
Defeat Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood!
Invading another world.
Defeat Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm!
Invading another world.
Defeat Great Horned Tragoth!
Summoned to another world.
Defeat Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin!
Summoned to another world.
Defeat Sorceress Sellen!
Summoned to another world.
Defeat Witch-Hunter Jerren!
Summoned to another world.
Defeat Millicent's sisters!
Summoned to another world.
Defeat Millicent!
You have been ambushed!
Defeat Ensha of the Royal Remains!
Bloody Finger &lt;?joinName?&gt; has invaded
Recusant &lt;?joinName?&gt; has invaded
&lt;?joinName?&gt; has invaded
With their objective accomplished,
Hunter &lt;?leaveName?&gt; returned to their world
Objective accomplished.
Returning to your world.
The Host of Fingers accomplished their objective in a distant location.
Returning to your world.
Host of Fingers defeated.
Returning to your world.
Invader defeated.
Returning to your world.
White Mask Varré defeated.
Returning to your world.
Old Knight Istvan defeated.
Returning to your world.
Rileigh the Idle defeated.
Returning to your world.
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood defeated.
Returning to your world.
Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm defeated.
Returning to your world.
Great Horned Tragoth defeated.
Returning to your world.
Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin defeated.
Returning to your world.
Sorceress Sellen defeated.
Returning to your world.
Witch-Hunter Jerren defeated.
Returning to your world.
Millicent's sisters defeated.
Returning to your world.
Millicent defeated.
Returning to your world.
Defeated Ensha of the Royal Remains.
Furled Finger &lt;?deadName?&gt; has died
&lt;?deadName?&gt; has died
Duelist &lt;?deadName?&gt; has died
Bloody Finger &lt;?deadName?&gt; has died
Recusant &lt;?deadName?&gt; has died
Hunter &lt;?deadName?&gt; has died
You died. Returning to your world.
You died
Furled Finger &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world
&lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world
Duelist &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world
Bloody Finger &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world
Recusant &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world
Hunter &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world
Returning to your world
Furled Finger &lt;?leaveName?&gt; was sent back to their world
&lt;?leaveName?&gt; was sent back to their world
Hunter &lt;?leaveName?&gt; was sent back to their world
Duelist &lt;?leaveName?&gt; was sent back to their world
Sent home by the Host of Fingers.
Returning to your world.
Furled Finger &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has been sent back to their world
&lt;?leaveName?&gt; has been sent back to their world
Hunter &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has been sent back to their world
Duelist &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has been sent back to their world
The Host of Fingers has died.
Returning to your world.
Sorceress Sellen has died.
Returning to your world.
Millicent has died.
Returning to your world.
You may now challenge the area boss
The Host of Fingers has begun fighting the area boss.
Returning to your world.
The Host of Fingers has accomplished their objective.
Returning to your world.
The Host of Fingers has left the area. Returning to your world.
A connection error occurred.
Returning to your world.
Bloody Finger &lt;?deadName?&gt; defeated.
Objective accomplished. Returning to your world.
Recusant &lt;?deadName?&gt; defeated.
Objective accomplished. Returning to your world.
Defeated &lt;?deadName?&gt;.
Objective accomplished. Returning to your world.
Bloody Finger &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world.
Objective accomplished. Returning to your world.
Recusant &lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world.
Objective accomplished. Returning to your world.
&lt;?leaveName?&gt; has returned to their world.
Returning to your world.
You are beyond the boundaries of the
multiplayer area. Returning inside.
Message was appraised
Failed to create message due to network error
This summoning pool is now functional
&lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;&lt;?codenamePCName?&gt; defeated the shardbearer!
Someone in the &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt; group
defeated the shardbearer!
Someone in your group has accomplished something remarkable!
&lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;&lt;?codenamePCName?&gt; has become the Elden Lord
Someone in the &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt; group has become the Elden Lord
&lt;?codenameIcon?&gt;&lt;?codenamePCName?&gt; has become a Lord
Someone in the &lt;?codenameIcon?&gt; group has become a Lord
NpcName.fmg
Melina
Finger Reader Enia
The Two Fingers
Ranni the Witch
Renna the Witch
Primeval Sorcerer Lusat
Primeval Sorcerer Azur
The Noble Goldmask
Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman
Smithing Master Hewg
Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Baleful Shadow
Pidia, Carian Servant
Asimi, Silver Tear
Asimi, Eternal King
Old Albus
Alexander, Warrior Jar
Demi-Human Boc
Boc the Seamster
Smithing Master Iji
War Counselor Iji
Jar-Bairn
Tanith's Knight
Phillia, Towering Little Sister
Tanith, Volcano Manor Proprietress
White Mask Varré
Gatekeeper Gostoc
Festering Fingerprint Vyke
Roundtable Knight Vyke
Preceptor Seluvis
Patches
Irina of Morne
Lightseeker Hyetta
Finger Maiden Hyetta
Castellan Edgar
Edgar the Revenger
Castellan Jerren
Witch-Hunter Jerren
Rya the Scout
Zorayas the Scout
Knight Diallos
Potentate Diallos
Sorceress Sellen
Yura, Hunter of Bloody Fingers
Shabriri
D, Hunter of the Dead
Heartbroken Maiden
Roderika
Roderika, Spirit Tuner
Kenneth Haight, Limgrave Heir
Fia, Deathbed Companion
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Sorcerer Rogier
Knight Bernahl
Recusant Bernahl
Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger
Lionel the Lionhearted
Miriel, Pastor of Vows
Blackguard
Sorcerer Thops
Nepheli Loux, Warrior
Reeling Rico
Vyke's Finger Maiden
Finger Maiden
Ensha of the Royal Remains
Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin
Bloody Finger Nerijus
Sanguine Noble
Great Horned Tragoth
Old Knight Istvan
Rileigh the Idle
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood
Millicent
Sage Gowry
Brother Corhyn
Scribe Corhyn
Preceptor Miriam
Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater
Okina
Bloody Finger Okina
Adan, Thief of Fire
Moongrum, Carian Knight
Vargram the Raging Wolf
Fia's Champion
Inaba, Disciple of Okina
Silver Tear
Recusant Henricus
Maleigh Marais, Shaded Castle Castellan
Knight of the Great Jar
Necromancer Garris
Nameless White Mask
Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm
Chief Guardian Arghanthy
Flame Guardian
Inquisitor Ghiza
Mad Tongue Alberich
Esgar, Priest of Blood
Mary, Eldest Sister
Maureen, Second Sister
Amy, Third Sister
Polyanna, Youngest Sister
Twin Maiden Husks
Church of Dragon Communion
Walking Mausoleum Corpse
Basin of Atonement
Cathedral of Dragon Communion
Fractured Marika
Clouded Mirror Stand
Sword of Bernahl
Finger Reader Crone
Keeper of Forbidden Lands
Godwyn's Wet Nurse
Merchant Kalé
Nomadic Merchant
Isolated Merchant
Hermit Merchant
Abandoned Merchant
Imprisoned Merchant
Someone Yet Unseen
Vyke the Dragonspear
Black Knife Assassin
Alecto, Black Knife Ringleader
Beast Clergyman
Maliketh, the Black Blade
Malenia, Blade of Miquella
Malenia, Goddess of Rot
Margit, the Fell Omen
Morgott, the Omen King
Fell Twin
Radagon of the Golden Order
Elden Beast
Crucible Knight Ordovis
Crucible Knight
Crucible Knight Siluria
Commander Niall
Commander O'Neil
Elemer of the Briar
Bell Bearing Hunter
Night's Cavalry
Night's Cavalry (Glaive)
Night's Cavalry (Flail)
Red Wolf of Radagon
Red Wolf of the Champion
Draconic Tree Sentinel
Tree Sentinel
Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree
Royal Knight Loretta
Nox Priest
Nox Swordstress
Mimic Tear
Stray Mimic Tear
Crystalian (Staff)
Crystalian (Spear)
Putrid Crystalian (Ringblade)
Putrid Crystalian (Spear)
Putrid Crystalian (Staff)
Crystalian (Ringblade)
Grave Warden Duelist
Putrid Grave Warden Duelist
Frenzied Duelist
Scaly Misbegotten
Misbegotten Warrior
Misbegotten Crusader
Leonine Misbegotten
Godskin Apostle
Godskin Noble
Godskin Duo
Onyx Lord
Alabaster Lord
Cemetery Shade
Cleanrot Knight
Cleanrot Knight (Spear)
Cleanrot Knight (Sickle)
Beastman of Farum Azula
Beastman of Farum Azula (Greatsword)
Beastman of Farum Azula (Throwing Knife)
Royal Revenant
Demi-Human Chief
Demi-Human Queen Margot
Demi-Human Queen Gilika
Demi-Human Queen Maggie
Spirit-Caller Snail
Erdtree Burial Watchdog
Erdtree Burial Watchdog (Sword)
Erdtree Burial Watchdog (Scepter)
Bloodhound Knight
Bloodhound Knight Darriwil
Soldier of Godrick
Mad Pumpkin Head (Hammer)
Mad Pumpkin Head (Flail)
Abductor Virgin (Swinging Sickle)
Abductor Virgin (Wheel)
Miranda the Blighted Bloom
Miranda Blossom
Flying Dragon Agheel
Flying Dragon Greyll
Decaying Ekzykes
Glintstone Dragon Smarag
Glintstone Dragon Adula
Borealis the Freezing Fog
Lichdragon Fortissax
Ancient Dragon Lansseax
Dragonlord Placidusax
Wormface
Stonedigger Troll
Bols, Carian Knight
Astel, Naturalborn of the Void
Astel, Stars of Darkness
Runebear
Ulcerated Tree Spirit
Putrid Tree Spirit
Dragonkin Soldier of Nokstella
Dragonkin Soldier
Guardian Golem
Ancestor Spirit
Regal Ancestor Spirit
Fallingstar Beast
Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast
Grafted Scion
God-Devouring Serpent
Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Godfrey, First Elden Lord
Hoarah Loux, Warrior
Starscourge Radahn
Godrick the Grafted
Godefroy the Grafted
Fire Giant
Valiant Gargoyle
Valiant Gargoyle (Twinblade)
Black Blade Kindred
Mohg, Lord of Blood
Mohg, the Omen
Erdtree Avatar
Putrid Avatar
Omenkiller
Magma Wyrm Makar
Magma Wyrm
Great Wyrm Theodorix
Tibia Mariner
Death Rite Bird
Deathbird
Ancient Hero of Zamor
PlaceName.fmg
Fringefolk Hero's Grave
Tombsward Catacombs
Impaler's Catacombs
Stormfoot Catacombs
Road's End Catacombs
Murkwater Catacombs
Black Knife Catacombs
Cliffbottom Catacombs
Wyndham Catacombs
Sainted Hero's Grave
Gelmir Hero's Grave
Auriza Hero's Grave
Deathtouched Catacombs
Unsightly Catacombs
Auriza Side Tomb
Minor Erdtree Catacombs
Caelid Catacombs
War-Dead Catacombs
Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave
Giants' Mountaintop Catacombs
Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs
Hidden Path to the Haligtree
Murkwater Cave
Earthbore Cave
Tombsward Cave
Groveside Cave
Stillwater Cave
Lakeside Crystal Cave
Academy Crystal Cave
Seethewater Cave
Volcano Cave
Dragonbarrow Cave
Sellia Hideaway
Cave of the Forlorn
Coastal Cave
Highroad Cave
Perfumer's Grotto
Sage's Cave
Abandoned Cave
Gaol Cave
Spiritcaller's Cave
Morne Tunnel
Limgrave Tunnels
Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel
Old Altus Tunnel
Altus Tunnel
Gael Tunnel
Sellia Crystal Tunnel
Yelough Anix Tunnel
Divine Tower of Limgrave
Carian Study Hall
Divine Tower of Liurnia
Sealed Tunnel
Divine Tower of West Altus
Divine Tower of Caelid
Divine Tower of East Altus
Isolated Divine Tower
Leyndell Catacombs
Capital Outskirts
Castleward Tunnel
Gateside Chamber
Stormveil Cliffside
Rampart Tower
Liftside Chamber
Secluded Cell
Stormveil Main Gate
Elden Throne
Erdtree Sanctuary
East Capital Rampart
Lower Capital Church
Avenue Balcony
West Capital Rampart
Queen's Bedchamber
Fortified Manor, First Floor
Divine Bridge
Volcano Manor Request: Vargram
Leyndell, Capital of Ash
Table of Lost Grace
Ainsel River Well Depths
Ainsel River Sluice Gate
Ainsel River Downstream
Nokstella, Eternal City
Lake of Rot Shoreside
Grand Cloister
Nokstella Waterfall Basin
Great Waterfall Basin
Siofra River Bank
Worshippers' Woods
Ancestral Woods
Aqueduct-Facing Cliffs
Night's Sacred Ground
Below the Well
Prince of Death's Throne
Root-Facing Cliffs
Great Waterfall Crest
The Nameless Eternal City
Across the Roots
Cocoon of the Empyrean
Palace Approach Ledge-Road
Dynasty Mausoleum Entrance
Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint
Siofra River Well Depths
Dragon Temple Altar
Crumbling Beast Grave
Crumbling Beast Grave Depths
Tempest-Facing Balcony
Dragon Temple
Dragon Temple Transept
Dragon Temple Lift
Dragon Temple Rooftop
Beside the Great Bridge
Raya Lucaria Grand Library
Debate Parlor
Church of the Cuckoo
Schoolhouse Classroom
Prayer Room
Elphael Inner Wall
Drainage Channel
Haligtree Roots
Haligtree Promenade
Haligtree Canopy
Haligtree Town
Haligtree Town Plaza
Temple of Eiglay
Prison Town Church
Guest Hall
Audience Pathway
Abductor Virgin
Subterranean Inquisition Chamber
Cave of Knowledge
Rear Gael Tunnel Entrance
Limgrave Tower Bridge
Study Hall Entrance
Liurnia Tower Bridge
Divine Tower of West Altus: Gate
Divine Tower of Caelid: Basement
Divine Tower of Caelid: Center
Divine Tower of East Altus: Gate
Cathedral of the Forsaken
Underground Roadside
Forsaken Depths
Frenzied Flame Proscription
Ruin-Strewn Precipice Overlook
Volcano Manor Request: Tragoth
Church of Elleh
Stormhill Shack
Artist's Shack
Third Church of Marika
Fort Haight West
Agheel Lake South
Agheel Lake North
Gatefront
Garden Beyond the Bridge
Seaside Ruins
Mistwood Outskirts
Mistwood
Murkwater Coast
Saintsbridge
Summonwater Village Outskirts
Warmaster's Shack
Waypoint Ruins Cellar
The First Step
Fourth Church of Marika
Castle Morne Rampart
Tombsward
South of the Lookout Tower
Ailing Village Outskirts
Beside the Crater-Pocked Glade
Isolated Merchant's Shack
Bridge of Sacrifice
Castle Morne Lift
Behind the Castle
Beside the Rampart Gaol
Morne Moangrave
Church of Pilgrimage
Lake-Facing Cliffs
Liurnia Lake Shore
Laskyar Ruins
Scenic Isle
Academy Gate Town
Main Academy Gate
East Raya Lucaria Gate
Bellum Church
Grand Lift of Dectus
Foot of the Four Belfries
Sorcerer's Isle
Northern Liurnia Lake Shore
Road to the Manor
Main Caria Manor Gate
Slumbering Wolf's Shack
Boilprawn Shack
Revenger's Shack
Folly on the Lake
Village of the Albinaurics
Liurnia Highway North
Gate Town Bridge
Eastern Liurnia Lake Shore
Church of Vows
Ruined Labyrinth
Mausoleum Compound
The Four Belfries
Ranni's Rise
Ravine-Veiled Village
Manor Upper Level
Manor Lower Level
Royal Moongazing Grounds
Gate Town North
Eastern Tableland
The Ravine
Fallen Ruins of the Lake
Converted Tower
Behind Caria Manor
Frenzied Flame Village Outskirts
Church of Inhibition
Temple Quarter
East Gate Bridge Trestle
Crystalline Woods
Liurnia Highway South
Jarburg
South Raya Lucaria Gate
Ranni's Chamber
Cathedral of Manus Celes
Altar South
Erdtree-Gazing Hill
Windmill Village
Minor Erdtree Church
Altus Highway Junction
Rampartside Path
Hermit Merchant's Shack
Road of Iniquity Side Path
Forest-Spanning Greatbridge
Abandoned Coffin
Bower of Bounty
Outer Wall Phantom Tree
Outer Wall Battleground
Windmill Heights
Capital Rampart
Castellan's Hall
Shaded Castle Ramparts
Shaded Castle Inner Gate
Bridge of Iniquity
Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite
First Mt. Gelmir Campsite
Road of Iniquity
Seethewater River
Seethewater Terminus
Craftsman's Shack
Smoldering Church
Rotview Balcony
Smoldering Wall
Deep Siofra Well
Caelem Ruins
Heart of Aeonia
Chair-Crypt of Sellia
Impassable Greatbridge
Redmane Castle Plaza
Chamber Outside the Plaza
Fort Gael North
Aeonia Swamp Shore
Southern Aeonia Swamp Bank
Sellia Under-Stair
Church of the Plague
Caelid Highway South
Dragonbarrow West
Fort Faroth
Dragonbarrow Fork
Lenne's Rise
Farum Greatbridge
Bestial Sanctum
Astray from Caelid Highway North
Inner Aeonia
Sellia Backstreets
Zamor Ruins
Ancient Snow Valley Ruins
Freezing Lake
First Church of Marika
Giants' Gravepost
Church of Repose
Foot of the Forge
Forge of the Giants
Grand Lift of Rold
Whiteridge Road
Snow Valley Ruins Overlook
Castle Sol Main Gate
Church of the Eclipse
Castle Sol Rooftop
Inner Consecrated Snowfield
Ordina, Liturgical Town
Apostate Derelict
Mistwood Ruins
Waypoint Ruins
Dragon-Burnt Ruins
Gatefront Ruins
Summonwater Village
Forlorn Hound Evergaol
Stormhill Evergaol
Stormgate
Siofra River Well
Fort Haight
Minor Erdtree
Agheel Lake
Sending Gate
Volcano Manor Request: Istvan
Callu Baptismal Church
Witchbane Ruins
Tombsward Ruins
Demi-Human Forest Ruins
Ailing Village
Forest Lookout Tower
Tower of Return
Weeping Evergaol
Oridys's Rise
Castle Morne
Uld Palace Ruins
Three Sisters
Church of Irith
Rose Church
Purified Ruins
Kingsrealm Ruins
Frenzied Flame Village
Highway Lookout Tower
Frenzy-Flaming Tower
Malefactor's Evergaol
Cuckoo's Evergaol
Royal Grave Evergaol
Ainsel River Well
Testu's Rise
Seluvis's Rise
Renna's Rise
Converted Fringe Tower
Caria Manor
Moonfolk Ruins
Lunar Estate Ruins
Ringleader's Evergaol
Deep Ainsel Well
Chelona's Rise
Stormcaller Church
Second Church of Marika
Woodfolk Ruins
Lux Ruins
Perfumer's Ruins
Writheblood Ruins
St. Trina's Hideaway
Dominula, Windmill Village
Golden Lineage Evergaol
Mirage Rise
West Windmill Pasture
East Windmill Pasture
Village Windmill Pasture
Dominula Checkpoint
The Shaded Castle
Volcano Manor Request: Rileigh
Wyndham Ruins
Corpse-Stench Shack
Hermit's Shack
Hermit Village
Fort Laiedd
Wailing Dunes
Forsaken Ruins
Caelid Waypoint Ruins
Street of Sages Ruins
Shack of the Rotting
Gowry's Shack
Swamp Lookout Tower
Sellia Gateway
Fort Gael
Redmane Castle
Sellia, Town of Sorcery
Sellia Evergaol
Stargazers' Ruins
Shack of the Lofty
Lord Contender's Evergaol
Heretical Rise
Guardians' Garrison
Castle Sol
Volcano Manor Request: Juno Hoslow
Yelough Anix Ruins
Albinauric Rise
Uhl Palace Ruins
Siofra Aqueduct
Hallowhorn Grounds
Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum
Liurnia
Tenebrae Demesne
ProtectorInfo.fmg
An ordinary iron helmet
Armor composed of small metal plates
Ordinary iron gauntlets
Well-made leather trousers
Helm worn by Kaiden sellswords
Armor worn by Kaiden sellswords
Gauntlets worn by Kaiden sellswords
Trousers worn by Kaiden sellswords
Malformed helm fused with dragon flesh
Malformed armor fused with dragon flesh
Malformed gauntlets fused with dragon flesh
Malformed greaves fused with dragon flesh
Malformed light helm fused with dragon flesh
Helm made from layered ancient dragon scales
Armor made from layered ancient dragon scales
Gauntlets made from layered ancient dragon scales
Greaves made from layered ancient dragon scales
Armor made of layered ancient dragon scales
Hood of an Erdtree Capital perfumer
Robe of an Erdtree Capital perfumer
Gloves of an Erdtree Capital perfumer
Sarong of an Erdtree Capital perfumer
Tunic of an Erdtree Capital perfumer
Leather tricorne of an unaffiliated perfumer
Robe of an unaffiliated perfumer
Gloves of an unaffiliated perfumer
Trousers of an unaffiliated perfumer
Tunic of an unaffiliated perfumer
Hat of a defected glintstone sorcerer
Robe of a defected glintstone sorcerer
Gloves of a defected glintstone sorcerer
Boots of a defected glintstone sorcerer
Cowl of a defected glintstone sorcerer
Tunic of a defected glintstone sorcerer
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's hat
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's cape
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's gloves
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's Trousers
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's vest
Great Horned Tragoth's helm
Great Horned Tragoth's armor
Great Horned Tragoth's gauntlets
Great Horned Tragoth's greaves
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura's umbrella
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura's armor
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura's gauntlets
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura's greaves
Bloody Finger Hunter's armor
Coarse hooded cloak of olive brown
Garb made of rough material
Arm wraps made of rough material
Trousers made of rough material
Helm made with the head of an old wolf
Armor of Blaidd, Knight of Ranni
Gauntlets of Blaidd, Knight of Ranni
Greaves of Blaidd, Knight of Ranni
Hood used by the Black Blade Assassins
Armor used by the Black Blade Assassins
Gauntlets used by the Black Blade Assassins
Greaves used by the Black Blade Assassins
Deep red hood that covers the whole head
Worn body armor, wrapped in a great cloth 
Iron gauntlets worn by salt winds and battle
Iron greaves worn by salt winds and battle
Knight's helm covered in a long cloth of deep red
Knight's armor, worn by salt winds and battle
Knight's gauntlets, worn by salt winds and battle
Knight's greaves, worn by salt winds and battle
Helm of a Stormveil Knight
Armor of a Stormveil Knight
Helm worn by Condor Knights
Armor worn by Condor Knights
Gauntlets worn by Condor Knights
Greaves worn by Condor Knights
Hood worn by pages
Garb worn by pages
Trousers worn by pages
Tunic worn by pages
Helm covered in blackened bloodstains
Armor covered in blackened bloodstains
Gauntlets covered in blackened bloodstains
Greaves covered in blackened bloodstains
Light helm covered in blackened bloodstains
Chainmail hood made of motherly silver
Chainmail armor made of motherly silver
Bracelets made of motherly silver
Chainmail skirt made of motherly silver
Armor made of motherly silver
Peddler Kalé's hat
Peddler Kalé's cloak
Peddler Kalé's trousers
Peddler Kalé's vest
Malformed, golden helm used by Gnarrl
Malformed, golden armor used by Gnarrl
Malformed, golden gauntlets used by Gnarrl
Malformed, golden greaves used by Gnarrl
Helm of a Tree Sentinel
Armor of a Tree Sentinel
Gauntlets of a Tree Sentinel
Greaves of a Tree Sentinel
Helm of an Arbor Sentinel
Armor of an Arbor Sentinel
Gauntlets of an Arbor Sentinel
Greaves of an Arbor Sentinel
Hood worn by members of the Empyrean family
Armor worn by members of the Empyrean family
Bracelets worn by members of the Empyrean family
Waistcloth worn by members of the Empyrean family
Headband worn by members of the Empyrean family
Vest worn by members of the Empyrean family
Crown worn by members of the Empyrean family
Robe worn by members of the Empyrean family
Tunic worn by members of the Empyrean family
Headband worn by worshippers of stag specters
Garb worn by worshippers of stag specters
Leggings worn by worshippers of stag specters
Bronze helm adorned with many snakes
Robe made from a beast pelt
Bronze anklets adorned with snakes
Bronze bracelets adorned with snakes
Hood of dyed black cloth featuring gold embroidery
Robe of dyed black cloth featuring gold embroidery
Waistcloth of dyed black material
Mask worn by the people of rotted abundance
Armor worn by the people of rotted abundance
Gauntlets worn by the people of rotted abundance
Greaves worn by the people of rotted abundance
Vest worn by the people of rotted abundance
Helm of a Wing Knight. Somewhat decayed...
Armor of a Wing Knight. Somewhat decayed...
Gauntlets of a Wing Knight. Somewhat decayed...
Greaves of a Wing Knight. Somewhat decayed...
Light helm of a Wing Knight. Somewhat decayed…
Armor of a Wing Knight. Somewhat decayed…
Mail helm covering a headband engraved with flames
Fire Monk armor adorned with a red cloth
Fire Monk gauntlets which resemble flames
Fire Monk greaves which resemble flames
Chain helm worn above a fire shaped crown
Godskin Monk armor adorned with a white cloth
Godskin Monk gauntlets which resemble flames
Godskin Monk greaves which resemble flames
Fire Prelate helm sculpted in the image of a sage
Fire Prelate armor adorned with a red cloth
Fire Prelate gauntlets which resemble flames
Fire Prelate greaves which resemble flames
Aristocrat headband, decorated with fine goldwork
Aristocrat garb featuring fine gold embroidery
Aristocrat boots, made of thick leather
Aristocrat garb, adorned with golden embroidery
Aristocrat hat, decorated with a marcescent feather
Aristocrat coat featuring fine gold embroidery
Aristocrat hood, made from superior cloth
Aristocrat gown featuring fine gold embroidery
Aristocrat shoes made from sturdy leather
Helm worn by wandering soldiers
Armor worn by wandering soldiers
Gloves worn by wandering soldiers
Boots worn by wandering soldiers
Hood of a travelling musician gripped by death
Robe of a travelling musician gripped by death
Waistcloth of travelling musician gripped by death
Oval helmet large enough to cover any head
Crown of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord
Armor of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord
Gauntlets of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord
Greaves of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord
Helm of Radahn, God of War
Armor of Radahn, God of War
Gauntlets of Radahn, God of War
Greaves of Radahn, God of War
Robe of Mohg, Lord of Blood
Gown of Mohg, Lord of Blood
Crown of Rennala, the Full Moon Witch
Robe of Rennala, the Full Moon Witch
Bracelet of Rennala, the Full Moon Witch
Trousers of Rennala, the Full Moon Witch
Hood made from tanned Demigod skin
Robe made from tanned Demigod skin
Bracelets made from tanned Demigod skin
Boots made from tanned Demigod skin
Hood made from tanned corpulent Demigod skin
Robe made from tanned corpulent Demigod skin
Bracelets made from tanned corpulent Demigod skin
Boots made from tanned corpulent Demigod skin
Hood of a depraved perfumer gripped by madness
Robe of a depraved perfumer gripped by madness
Gloves of a depraved perfumer gripped by madness
Boots of a depraved perfumer gripped by madness
Tunic of a depraved perfumer gripped by madness
Helm used by Ordovis of the Crucible and his men
Armor used by Ordovis of the Crucible and his men
Gauntlets used by the Crucible Knights
Greaves used by the Crucible Knights
Helm used by Siluria of the Crucible and her men
Armor used by Siluria of the Crucible and her men
Skull-merged Crown of a Crystal Sorcerer
Dull red robe of a Crystal Sorcerer
Dull red  arm wraps of a Crystal Sorcerer
Dull red waistcloth of a Crystal Sorcerer
Blue transparent crown of a Crystal Sorcerer
Blue transparent robe of a Crystal Sorcerer
Blue transparent arm wraps of a Crystal Sorcerer
Helm of Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Armor of Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Gauntlets of Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Greaves of Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Helm worn by D, Knight of the Golden Order
Armor worn by D, Knight of the Golden Order
Gauntlets worn by D, Knight of the Golden Order
Greaves worn by D, Knight of the Golden Order
Helm pieced together from scavenged metal
Armor pieced together from scavenged metal
Gauntlets pieced together from scavenged metal
Greaves pieced together from scavenged metal
Blindfold of the exiled prophets
Robe of the exiled prophets
Trousers of the exiled prophets
Tunic of the exiled prophets
Hood of the glintstone polishers
Robe of the glintstone polishers
Gloves of the glintstone polishers
Trousers of the glintstone polishers
Oddly shaped helm used by foreign knights
Oddly shaped armor used by foreign knights
Oddly shaped gauntlets used by foreign knights
Oddly shaped greaves used by foreign knights
Heavy helm passed down through the Hoslow family
Armor passed down through the Hoslow family
Gauntlets passed down through the Hoslow family
Greaves passed down through the Hoslow family
Helm passed down through the Hoslow family
Helm of a banished knight
Armor  of a banished knight
Gauntlets of a banished knight
Greaves of a banished knight
Chest Piece of a banished knight
Cowl of a nomadic warrior, made of blue cloth
Vest of a nomadic warrior, made of blue cloth
Gauntlets of a nomadic warrior
Greaves of a nomadic warrior
Strange birch mask that hides one's expression
Old white tunic, stained with blood
Physician's gloves made from thick leather
Physician's trousers made from thick leather
Physician's vest made from thick leather
Mask that mediates via body of famed ancestor
Armor that mediates via body of famed ancestor
Gauntlets that mediate via body of famed ancestor
Greaves that mediate via body of famed ancestor
Headband of a warrior of the frigid uplands
Battlewear of a warrior of the frigid uplands
Gauntlets of a warrior of the frigid uplands
Greaves of a warrior of the frigid uplands
Helm of a warrior of the frigid uplands
Helm of Belnahr the Traitor
Armor of Belnahr the Traitor
Gauntlets of Belnahr the Traitor
Greaves of Belnahr the Traitor
Headband reserved for the badlands' bravest
Pauldron reserved for the badlands' bravest
Gauntlets reserved for the badlands' bravest
Gaiters formed only of leather straps
Hooded cloak of expatriated royalty
Armor of expatriated royalty
Gloves of expatriated royalty
Trousers of expatriated royalty
Helm of Maliketh the Black Blade
Armor of Maliketh the Black Blade
Gauntlets of Maliketh the Black Blade
Greaves of Maliketh the Black Blade
Helm of Arbitress Malenia
Armor of Arbitress Malenia
Gauntlets of Arbitress Malenia
Greaves of Arbitress Malenia
Veteran General's old helm
Veteran General's old armor
Veteran General's old gauntlets
Veteran General's old greaves
Beast-like helm of the Bloodhound Knights
Beast-like armor of the Bloodhound Knights
Beast-like gauntlets of the Bloodhound Knights
Beast-like greaves of the Bloodhound Knights
Hood worn for a humble festival
Cloak worn for a humble festival
Wreath of flowers worn for a humble festival
Ceremonial garb worn for a humble festival
Hood of a rune cursed citizen
Garb of a rune cursed citizen
Waistcloth of a rune cursed citizen
Crown of a rune cursed citizen
Head concealing silver robe
Stone mask of the Twin Crystal Sage
Robe worn by Raya Lucaria's magic scholars
Manchettes worn by Raya Lucaria's magic scholars
Leggings worn by Raya Lucaria's magic scholars
Stone mask of a Gold Amber Sage
Stone mask of a Red Glintstone Sage
Stone mask depicting the wise Karolos
Stone mask of a Green Glintstone Sage
Broken stone mask with fractured Glintstone
Cylindrical helm worn by marionette soldiers
Armor of lattice plate worn by marionette soldiers
Iron mask worn by marionette soldiers
Helm of Vargram the Bloody Wolf
Armor of Vargram the Bloody Wolf
Gauntlets of Vargram the Bloody Wolf
Greaves of Vargram the Bloody Wolf
Breastplate of Vargram the Bloody Wolf
Helm of a warrior from the land of reeds
Chest piece of a warrior from the land of reeds
Gauntlets of a warrior from the land of reeds
Greaves of a warrior from the land of reeds
Armor of a warrior from the land of reeds
Mask adorned with a land of reeds veteran warrior
Stomach band of a land of reeds veteran warrior
Gauntlets of a land of reeds veteran warrior
Greaves of a land of reeds veteran warrior
Black hood of those who kill for a living
Black robe of those who kill for a living
Gloves of those who kill for a living
Boots of those who kill for a living
Mask of those who kill for a living
Vest of those who kill for a living
Iron mask worn by grave offenders
Tattered clothing
Tattered trousers
Iron mask worn by only the most violent offenders
Hood worn by traveling clerics
Robe worn by traveling clerics
Gloves worn by traveling clerics
Skirt worn by traveling clerics
Tunic worn by traveling clerics
Crown worn by Saints
Dress worn by Saints
Skirt worn by Saints
Tunic worn by Saints
Hat worn by ruthless Chaplains
Gown worn by ruthless Chaplains
Gloves worn by ruthless Chaplains
Boots worn by ruthless Chaplains
Hood worn by ruthless Chaplains
Vest worn by ruthless Chaplains
Headdress made from wildflowers
Hood worn by followers of the deadly birds
Cloak worn by followers of the deadly birds
Wraps worn by followers of the deadly birds
Trousers worn by followers of the deadly birds
Vest worn by followers of the deadly birds
Deathwatch, Jerren's hood
Deathwatch, Jerren's armor
Deathwatch, Jerren's gauntlets
Deathwatch, Jerren's tights
Deathwatch, Jerren's helm
Deformed helm of a mad knight in despair
Deformed armor of a mad knight in despair
Deformed gauntlets of a mad knight in despair
Deformed greaves of a mad knight in despair
White mask of Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor
Dress of Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor
Skirt of Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor
Stone mask of Rya, servant to the Volcano Manor
Extravagantly embroidered noble's robe
Extravagantly embroidered noble's gown
An eerie white haired silver mask
Noble's cape woven with sturdy fabric
Noble's waistcloth woven with sturdy fabric
Bandages dirtied with blood
Noble's gown woven with sturdy fabric
Mask of a curse gnawed Omen
Armor of a curse gnawed Omen
Gauntlets of a curse gnawed Omen
Greaves of a curse gnawed Omen
Helm of enchanted Carian knights
Armor of enchanted Carian knights
Gauntlets of enchanted Carian knights
Greaves of enchanted Carian knights
Eyepatch worn by a great sorcerer turned hermit
Cape worn by a great sorcerer turned hermit
Arm wraps worn by a great sorcerer turned hermit
Shoes worn by a great sorcerer turned hermit
Tunic worn by a great sorcerer turned hermit
Mask of an unaffiliated glintstone sorcerer
Robe of an unaffiliated glintstone sorcerer
Arm wraps of an unaffiliated glintstone sorcerer
Waistcloth of an unaffiliated glintstone sorcerer
Hat worn by Enchantress Ranni
Robe worn by Enchantress Ranni
Skirt worn by Enchantress Ranni
Dress worn by Enchantress Ranni
Robe worn by Malenia
Arm wraps worn by Malenia
Skirt worn by Malenia
Cap worn by students of the Raya Lucaria Academy
Robe worn by students of the Raya Lucaria Academy
Mask worn by researchers of the Golden Order
Robe worn by researchers of the Golden Order
Arm wraps worn by researchers of the Golden Order
Waistcloth worn by researchers of the Golden Order
Robe worn by Morgott, the Elden Lord
Helm modeled after the silent Frog People
Chainmail worn by the silent Frog People
Mask worn by an ancient hero
Armor worn by an ancient hero
Arm wraps worn by an ancient hero
Waistcloth worn by an ancient hero
Ancient mask with an animal motif
Head covering formed from silver tears
Helm made of woven chain
Chest piece made of woven chain
Gauntlets made of woven chain
Greaves made of woven chain
Sturdy helm made from iron
Iron armor with a surcoat attached
Iron armor with a blue surcoat attached
Helm modeled after a Land Octopus
This sturdy jar might serve well as a helm
Helm with slime mold growing on it
Armor with slime mold growing on it
Arm wraps with slime mold growing on them
Leg wraps with slime mold growing on it
Shining helm decorated with a mirror
Shining helm decorated on all sides with mirrors
Dirty hood worn by bandits
Dirty leather armor worn by bandits
Dirty gloves worn by bandits
Dirty boots worn by bandits
Dirty garb worn by bandits
Iron helm worn by foreign knights
Iron armor worn by foreign knights
Iron gauntlets worn by foreign knights
Iron greaves worn by foreign knights
Hood with a mysterious silhouette
Helm used by Stormveil Knights
Armor used by Stormveil Knights
Gauntlets used by Stormveil Knights
Greaves used by Stormveil Knights
Helm used by Raya Lucaria Academy Knights
Armor used by Raya Lucaria Academy Knights
Gauntlets used by Raya Lucaria Academy Knights
Greaves used by Raya Lucaria Academy Knights
Helm used by Capital Knights
Armor used by Capital Knights
Gauntlets used by Capital Knights
Greaves used by Capital Knights
Helm used by Caelid Wilds Knights
Armor used by Caelid Wilds Knights
Gauntlets used by Caelid Wilds Knights
Greaves used by Caelid Wilds Knights
Armor used by Mausoleum Knights
Gauntlets used by Mausoleum Knights
Greaves used by Mausoleum Knights
Helm used by Knights of Miquella
Armor used by Knights of Miquella
Gauntlets used by Knights of Miquella
Greaves used by Knights of Miquella
Helm used by Stormveil Elite Knights
Armor used by Stormveil Elite Knights
Gauntlets used by Stormveil Elite Knights
Greaves used by Stormveil Elite Knights
Helm of Raya Lucaria Academy Elite Knights
Armor of Raya Lucaria Academy Elite Knights
Gauntlets of Raya Lucaria Academy Elite Knights
Greaves of Raya Lucaria Academy Elite Knights
Helm used by Elite Capital Knights
Armor used by Elite Capital Knights
Gauntlets used by Elite Capital Knights
Greaves used by Elite Capital Knights
Helm used by Elite Caelid Wilds Knights
Armor used by Elite Caelid Wilds Knights
Gauntlets used by Elite Caelid Wilds Knights
Greaves used by Elite Caelid Wilds Knights
Armor used by Elite Mausoleum Knights
Gauntlets used by Elite Mausoleum Knights
Greaves used by Elite Mausoleum Knights
Helm used by Elite Knights of Miquella
Armor used by Elite Knights of Miquella
Gauntlets used by Elite Knights of Miquella
Greaves used by Elite Knights of Miquella
Helm used by Stormveil Soldiers
Armor used by Stormveil Soldiers
Gauntlets used by Stormveil Soldiers
Greaves used by Stormveil Soldiers
Helm used by Raya Lucaria Academy Soldiers
Armor used by Raya Lucaria Academy Soldiers
Helm used by Capital Soldiers
Armor used by Capital Soldiers
Helm used by Caelid Wilds Patrol Soldiers
Armor used by Caelid Wilds Patrol Soldiers
Armor used by Mausoleum Soldiers
Helm used by Miquella's Soldiers
Armor used by Miquella's Soldiers
Mask worn by Executioners
Robe worn by Executioners
Gloves worn by Executioners
Boots worn by Executioners
Mask made from a large, old white scarab's body
Mask made from a large, old red scarab's body
Mask made from a large, old blue scarab's body
Mask made from a large, old yellow scarab's body
Mask made from a large, old green scarab's body
Dress worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion
Skirt worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion
Hood worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion
Robe worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion
Gown worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion
Robe worn by Millicent the Rotting
Gloves worn by Millicent the Rotting
Boots worn by Millicent the Rotting
Tunic worn by Millicent the Rotting
Golden prosthetic forged using ancient techniques
Hood worn by cave-dwelling foot soldiers
Robe worn by cave-dwelling foot soldiers
Gloves worn by cave-dwelling foot soldiers
Hood of a Page loyal to a certain noble family
Garb of a Page loyal to a certain noble family
Vest of a Page loyal to a certain noble family
Scarlet-bronze helm adorned with many snakes
Robe fashioned from the pelt of a deadly beast
Scarlet-bronze bracelet depicting coiled snakes
Scarlet-bronze anklet depicting coiled snakes
Garland crown of large flowers rotted by poison
Red cloth blindfold used to cover prisoners' eyes
Sorcerer's robe, dyed in a beautiful cerulean hue
ProtectorName.fmg
Head
Bare head with no armor equipped.
Body
Bare torso with no armor equipped.
Arms
Bare arms with no armor equipped.
Legs
Bare legs with no armor equipped.
Iron Helmet
An iron helmet showing rust on its edges.
Cloth covering the mouth and neck provides some resistance to poison and other irritants.
Scale Armor
Armor reinforced with small metal scales.
The cape covering the shoulders is made with treated rock lizard skin, and provides ample protection against fire.
Iron Gauntlets
Ordinary iron gauntlets.
Leather Trousers
Well-made leather trousers.
The lower legs are each bound in cord for ease of movement.
Kaiden Helm
Helm worn by Kaiden sellswords.
These hulking, fearless mercenaries, said to hail from the mountaintops of the wintry north, are adept at fighting on horseback.
Kaiden is the name of their home settlement.
Kaiden Armor
Armor worn by Kaiden sellswords.
Made with the pelt of a snow-wolf, which protects against the cold.
These hulking, fearless mercenaries, said to hail from the mountaintops of the wintry north, are adept at fighting on horseback.
Kaiden is the name of their home settlement.
Kaiden Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by Kaiden sellswords.
These hulking, fearless mercenaries, said to hail from the mountaintops of the wintry north, are adept at fighting on horseback.
Kaiden is the name of their home settlement.
Kaiden Trousers
Trousers worn by Kaiden sellswords.
These hulking, fearless mercenaries, said to hail from the mountaintops of the wintry north, are adept at fighting on horseback.
Kaiden is the name of their home settlement.
Drake Knight Helm
Black iron helm worn by drake knights.
Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion.
From birth, drake knights speak not a word. They spend their lives pursuing the strength of dragons, for its sublime beauty and inspiration of awe.
Drake Knight Armor
Black iron armor worn by drake knights.
Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion.
The cape is crafted with dragon wing membrane.
Drake Knight Gauntlets
Black iron gauntlets worn by drake knights.
Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion.
From birth, drake knights speak not a word. They spend their lives pursuing the strength of dragons, for its sublime beauty and inspiration of awe.
Drake Knight Greaves
Black iron greaves by drake knights.
Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion.
From birth, drake knights speak not a word. They spend their lives pursuing the strength of dragons, for its sublime beauty and inspiration of awe.
Drake Knight Armor (Altered)
Black iron armor worn by drake knights.
Features the spoils of a dragon catch as an emblem of pride as both dragon hunter and partaker of communion.
From birth, drake knights speak not a word. They spend their lives pursuing the strength of dragons, for its sublime beauty and inspiration of awe.
Scaled Helm
Helm worn by Old Knight Istvan.
The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it highly effective against non-physical attacks.
Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survive to this day.
Scaled Armor
Armor worn by Old Knight Istvan.
The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it highly effective against non-physical attacks.
Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survive to this day.
Scaled Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by Old Knight Istvan.
The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it highly effective against non-physical attacks.
Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survive to this day.
Scaled Greaves
Greaves worn by Old Knight Istvan.
The corroded metal is reinforced with rock-hard scales, making it highly effective against non-physical attacks.
Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survive to this day.
Perfumer Hood
Hood of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
In times past, the role of perfumer was much respected; a blessed apothecary in the eyes of the many. But after entering the battlefields of the Shattering they performed no such role, trading their aromatics for poisons and explosives.
Perfumer Robe
Robe of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
The thick front apron embroidered with a depiction of the Erdtree is proof of mastery of the apothecarial arts, and its weight symbolizes the onus of both pride and responsibility.
Perfumer Gloves
Gloves of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
In times past, the role of perfumer was much respected; a blessed apothecary in the eyes of the many. But after entering the battlefields of the Shattering they performed no such role, trading their aromatics for poisons and explosives.
Perfumer Sarong
Sarong of an Erdtree Capital perfumer.
In times past, the role of perfumer was much respected; a blessed apothecary in the eyes of the many. But after entering the battlefields of the Shattering they performed no such role, trading their aromatics for poisons and explosives.
Traveler's Hat
Hat of a traveling perfumer of no renown.
An associate of a healer, he is said to be in search of new aromatics and flower gardens, in hopes of treating Misbegotten, Omen, and all those seen as impure.
Perfumer's Traveling Garb
Garb of a traveling perfumer of no renown.
The thick front apron, the badge of a perfumer, has been replaced with a more simple one made from soft leather.
Traveler's Gloves
Gloves of a traveling perfumer of no renown.
An associate of a healer, he is said to be in search of new aromatics and flower gardens, in hopes of treating Misbegotten, Omen, and all those seen as impure.
Traveler's Slops
Slops of a traveling perfumer of no renown.
An associate of a healer, he is said to be in search of new aromatics and flower gardens, in hopes of treating Misbegotten, Omen, and all those seen as impure.
Alberich's Pointed Hat
Mad Tongue Alberich's pointed hat, a sign of a heretical practitioner.
Set with red glintstones, said to be formed by the blood of sacrifices. Strengthens thorn sorcery.
Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago.
Alberich's Robe
Mad Tongue Alberich's robe.
Set with red glintstones, said to be formed by the blood of sacrifices. Strengthens thorn sorcery.
Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago.
Alberich's Bracers
Mad Tongue Alberich's bracers.
Set with red glintstones, said to be formed by the blood of sacrifices. Strengthen thorn sorcery.
Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago.
Alberich's Trousers
Mad Tongue Alberich's trousers.
Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago.
Alberich's Robe (Altered)
Mad Tongue Alberich's robe.
Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago.
Spellblade's Pointed Hat
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's pointed hat, a sign of a heretical practitioner. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills.
Rogier spent his entire life behaving with utter detachment. No one noticed the anger, grief, regret, or fear that existed along with it.
Spellblade's Traveling Attire
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's traveling attire, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills.
Rogier spent his entire life behaving with utter detachment. No one noticed the anger, grief, regret, or fear that existed along with it.
Spellblade's Gloves
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's gloves, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthen glintstone sorcery skills.
Rogier spent his entire life behaving with utter detachment. No one noticed the anger, grief, regret, or fear that existed along with it.
Spellblade's Trousers
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's trousers, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthen glintstone sorcery skills.
Rogier spent his entire life behaving with utter detachment. No one noticed the anger, grief, regret, or fear that existed along with it.
Bull-Goat Helm
Great Horned Tragoth's helm, adorned with a gold bull-goat motif. Provides high poise.
Tragoth is a famed knight of assistance. Countless Tarnished, facing adversity in the Lands Between, have survived thanks only to the Great Horned One's aid.
Bull-Goat Armor
Great Horned Tragoth's armor. Covers its wearer with a pair of giant horns, providing staunch poise.
Tragoth is a famed knight of assistance. Countless Tarnished, facing adversity in the Lands Between, have survived thanks only to the Great Horned One's aid.
Bull-Goat Gauntlets
Great Horned Tragoth's gauntlets, adorned with a gold bull-goat motif. Provide high poise.
Tragoth is a famed knight of assistance. Countless Tarnished, facing adversity in the Lands Between, have survived thanks only to the Great Horned One's aid.
Bull-Goat Greaves
Great Horned Tragoth's greaves, adorned with a gold bull-goat motif. Provide high poise.
Tragoth is a famed knight of assistance. Countless Tarnished, facing adversity in the Lands Between, have survived thanks only to the Great Horned One's aid.
Iron Kasa
Iron kasa of the man who calls himself Shabriri.
Crafted to imitate the woven straw hats worn in the Land of Reeds.
The man, once known as Yura, kept a woman in the deepest reaches of his heart.
Ronin's Armor
Armor of the man who calls himself Shabriri.
Highly functional and heavily worn.
The man, once known as Yura, kept a woman in the deepest reaches of his heart.
Ronin's Gauntlets
Gauntlets of the man who calls himself Shabriri.
Highly functional and heavily worn.
The man, once known as Yura, kept a woman in the deepest reaches of his heart.
Ronin's Greaves
Greaves of the man who calls himself Shabriri.
Highly functional and heavily worn.
The man, once known as Yura, kept a woman in the deepest reaches of his heart.
Guilty Hood
Coarse hooded cloak of olive brown.
The garb of those accused of lesser crimes, indicated by the collar of sharpened branches.
Cloth Garb
Clothing made of coarse material, commonly worn in the Lands Between.
Tarnished Wrap
Arm wraps made of coarse material.
Garb of spurned Tarnished who were
forced into slavery in the Lands Between.
Cloth Trousers
Trousers made of coarse material, commonly worn in the Lands Between.
Black Wolf Mask
A mask fashioned after the head of a black wolf.
Relic of an assassin who assumed the guise of Ranni the Witch's loyal shadow. The likeness is striking.
Blaidd's Armor
Well-worn black armor of the man-wolf Blaidd.
The pelt serves as a cape, protecting from cold.
Blaidd was the blade of Ranni, but the cold bothered him anyway.
Blaidd's Gauntlets
Well-worn black gauntlets of the man-wolf Blaidd.
Blaidd, who served as Ranni's shadow, was a loyal ally who would defy destiny itself if it would have him turn upon his Lady.
Blaidd's Greaves
Well-worn black greaves of the man-wolf Blaidd.
Blaidd, who served as Ranni's shadow, was a loyal ally who would defy destiny itself if it would have him turn upon his Lady.
Blaidd's Armor (Altered)
Well-worn black armor of the man-wolf Blaidd.
Blaidd, who served as Ranni's shadow, was a loyal ally who would defy destiny itself if it would have him turn upon his Lady.
Black Knife Hood
Hood used by the Black Knife Assassins.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Black Knife Armor
Scale armor used by the Black Knife Assassins, forged to make no sound.
Traces of power yet remain in its concealing veil, which muffles the sound of footsteps.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Black Knife Gauntlets
Gauntlets used by the Black Knife Assassins.
Crafted with scale armor that makes no sound.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Black Knife Greaves
Greaves used by the Black Knife Assassins.
Crafted with scale armor that makes no sound.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Black Knife Armor (Altered)
Armor used by the Black Knife Assassins.
Crafted with scale armor that makes no sound.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Exile Hood
Deep red hood that covers the whole head.
Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies, who were required to keep their faces hidden.
Exile Armor
Damaged armor draped with a large deep-red cloth.
Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies.
Exile Gauntlets
Damaged iron gauntlets.
Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies.
Exile Greaves
Damaged iron greaves.
Worn by soldiers sent to the penal colonies.
Banished Knight Helm
Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body.
This helm was worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
Perhaps the deep-red scarf was used to block the winds, for on the outskirts, the winds bite with a stinging fierceness.
Banished Knight Armor
Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body.
This armor was worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights.
Banished Knight Gauntlets
Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body.
These gauntlets were worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights.
Banished Knight Greaves
Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body.
These greaves were worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights.
Banished Knight Helm (Altered)
Thick, full set of armor covering the entire body.
This helm was worn by knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
These fierce warriors were each and all accomplished. Perhaps that is why, despite their territorial losses, they were still named knights.
Briar Helm
Battered iron helm from a foreign land.
Worn by Elemer of the Briar.
The winding, rusted iron briars are a mark of the guilty, and typically indicate a sentence of death.
Elemer murdered numerous instructors and merchants, and was known as the Bell Bearing Hunter.
Briar Armor
Battered iron armor from a foreign land.
Worn by Elemer of the Briar.
The winding, rusted iron briars are a mark of the guilty, and typically indicate a sentence of death.
Elemer murdered numerous instructors and merchants, and was known as the Bell Bearing Hunter.
Briar Gauntlets
Battered gauntlets from a foreign land.
Worn by Elemer of the Briar.
The winding, rusted iron briars are a mark of the guilty, and typically indicate a sentence of death.
Elemer murdered numerous instructors and merchants, and was known as the Bell Bearing Hunter.
Briar Greaves
Battered greaves from a foreign land.
Worn by Elemer of the Briar.
The winding, rusted iron briars are a mark of the guilty, and typically indicate a sentence of death.
Elemer murdered numerous instructors and merchants, and was known as the Bell Bearing Hunter.
Page Hood
Hood worn by pages who serve the nobility and are mindful to keep them out of harm's way.
The unassuming sack-like appearance befits their unseen and unknown stature.
Page Garb
Garb worn by pages who serve the nobility and are mindful to keep them out of harm's way.
Traveling wear tailored with exquisite precision, to avoid any undue shame for the page's master.
Page Trousers
Trousers worn by pages who serve the nobility and are mindful to keep them out of harm's way.
Traveling wear tailored with exquisite precision, to avoid any undue shame for the page's master.
Night's Cavalry Helm
Pitch-black helm with flowing black hair.
Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads of night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions.
Night's Cavalry Armor
Pitch-black armor thinly painted with dried blood.
Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads of night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions.
Night's Cavalry Gauntlets
Pitch-black gauntlets thinly painted with dried blood.
Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads of night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions.
Night's Cavalry Greaves
Pitch-black greaves thinly painted with dried blood.
Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads of night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions.
Night's Cavalry Helm (Altered)
Pitch-black helm thinly painted with dried blood.
Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads of night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions.
Blue Silver Mail Hood
Chainmail hood crafted with blue silver.
Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Blue silver is a metal born from the same mother as the archers themselves, and provides protection from magic and frost.
Blue Silver Mail Armor
Chainmail armor crafted with blue silver.
Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Blue silver is a metal born from the same mother as the archers themselves, and provides protection from magic and frost.
Blue Silver Bracelets
Bracelets crafted with blue silver.
Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Blue silver is a metal born from the same mother as the archers themselves, and provides protection from magic and frost.
Blue Silver Mail Skirt
Chainmail skirt crafted with blue silver.
Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Blue silver is a metal born from the same mother as the archers themselves, and provides protection from magic and frost.
Nomadic Merchant's Chapeau
Chapeau of the nomadic merchants.
Decorated with tiny gems in a wide spectrum of colors.
These merchants once thrived as the Great Caravan, but after being accused of heretical beliefs, their entire clan was rounded up and buried alive far underground.
Then, they chanted a curse of despair, and summoned the flame of frenzy.
Nomadic Merchant's Finery
Finery of the nomadic merchants.
Decorated with tiny gems in a wide spectrum of colors.
These merchants once thrived as the Great Caravan, but after being accused of heretical beliefs, their entire clan was rounded up and buried alive far underground.
Then, they chanted a curse of despair, and summoned the flame of frenzy.
Nomadic Merchant's Trousers
Trousers of the nomadic merchants.
These merchants once thrived as the Great Caravan, but after being accused of heretical beliefs, their entire clan was rounded up and buried alive far underground.
Then, they chanted a curse of despair, and summoned the flame of frenzy.
Malformed Dragon Helm
A malformed golden helm.
Adorned with various dragon imagery and worn by the misshapen Tree Sentinels.
After the great ancient dragon Gransax attacked, the sentinels had an epiphany. The only way to truly protect the Erdtree was to become dragons themselves.
Malformed Dragon Armor
Malformed golden armor.
Adorned with various dragon imagery and worn by the misshapen Tree Sentinels.
After the great ancient dragon Gransax attacked, the sentinels had an epiphany. The only way to truly protect the Erdtree was to become dragons themselves.
Malformed Dragon Gauntlets
Malformed golden gauntlets.
Adorned with various dragon imagery and worn by the misshapen Tree Sentinels.
After the great ancient dragon Gransax attacked, the sentinels had an epiphany. The only way to truly protect the Erdtree was to become dragons themselves.
Malformed Dragon Greaves
Malformed golden greaves.
Adorned with various dragon imagery and worn by the misshapen Tree Sentinels.
After the great ancient dragon Gransax attacked, the sentinels had an epiphany. The only way to truly protect the Erdtree was to become dragons themselves.
Tree Sentinel Helm
Golden helm of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Very few are permitted to wear a golden wood crest of such size as seen on this helm.
Tree Sentinel Armor
Golden armor of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Adorned with a cape featuring the mark of the sacred tree.
Imposingly sturdy and nigh unbreakable, the grace of old yet lingers.
Tree Sentinel Gauntlets
Golden gauntlets of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Imposingly sturdy and nigh unbreakable, the grace of old yet lingers.
Tree Sentinel Greaves
Golden greaves of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Imposingly sturdy and nigh unbreakable, the grace of old yet lingers.
Tree Sentinel Armor (Altered)
Golden armor of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Imposingly sturdy and nigh unbreakable, the grace of old yet lingers.
Royal Knight Helm
Silver helm of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree.
Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation.
Royal Knight Armor
Silver armor of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree.
Loretta was once a royal Carian knight, and her lapis-lazuli blue cape is the emblem of the knightly pride that continues to guide her.
Royal Knight Gauntlets
Silver gauntlets of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree.
Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation.
Royal Knight Greaves
Silver greaves of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree.
Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation.
Royal Knight Armor (Altered)
Silver armor of Loretta, a knight who served Miquella's Haligtree.
Loretta, once a royal Carian knight, went on a journey in search of a haven for Albinaurics, and determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation.
Nox Monk Hood
Silk hood worn by the monks of the Eternal City.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Monk Armor
Armor worn by the monks of the Eternal City, with a silk cape attached.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Monk Bracelets
Bracelets worn by the monks of the Eternal City.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Monk Greaves
Greaves worn by the monks of the Eternal City.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Monk Hood (Altered)
Hood worn by the monks of the Eternal City.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Monk Armor (Altered)
Armor worn by the monks of the Eternal City.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Swordstress Crown
Crown worn by swordstresses of the Eternal City.
These women are the personal guards of the nightmaidens, and the silk hides their eyes.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Swordstress Armor
Armor worn by swordstresses of the Eternal City.
These women are the personal guards of the nightmaidens, and wear silk capes.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Night Maiden Twin Crown
Twin crowns worn by the nightmaidens of the Eternal City.
Indicates the highest clerical rank, and hides the eyes with silk.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Night Maiden Armor
Armor worn by the nightmaidens of the Eternal City.
Indicates the highest clerical rank, and includes a silk cape.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Swordstress Crown (Altered)
Crown worn by swordstresses of the Eternal City.
The silk eye covering is removed, flaunting convention.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Nox Swordstress Armor (Altered)
Armor worn by swordstresses of the Eternal City.
These women are the personal guards of the nightmaidens.
Long ago, the Nox invoked the ire of the Greater Will, and were banished deep underground. Now they live under a false night sky, in eternal anticipation of their liege. Of the coming age of the stars. And their Lord of Night.
Great Horned Headband
Headband decorated by a pair of great horns.
Worn by ancestral follower warriors.
The ancestral followers keep their distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls.
Fur Raiment
Raiment fashioned from a bristly pelt.
Worn by ancestral follower warriors.
The ancestral followers keep their distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls.
Fur Leggings
Leggings fashioned from bristly pelts.
Worn by ancestral follower warriors.
The ancestral followers keep their distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls.
Shining Horned Headband
Headband decorated by a pair of shining horns.
Worn by ancestral follower shamans.
Horns with buds that also shine are ideal ceremonial items for ancestral worship. Strengthens Ancestral Infant's Head.
Shaman Furs
Raiment fashioned from a bristly pelt.
Worn by ancestral follower shamans.
The ancestral followers live a distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls.
Shaman Leggings
Leggings fashioned from bristly pelts.
Worn by ancestral follower shamans.
The ancestral followers live a distance from the Erdtree, awaiting new buds. They are certain to sprout from their very flesh, and indeed, their souls.
Duelist Helm
Bronze helm decorated with innumerable snakes.
Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes.
The snake is viewed as a traitor to the Erdtree, and the audience delighted in seeing these bronze effigies beaten and battered.
Gravekeeper Cloak
Thick, bristly cloak that is the symbol of an underground gravekeeper.
Those who once fought for a living were driven from the colosseum, and becoming guardians of Erdtree Burial.
Duelist Greaves
Greaves encircled by bronze snakes.
Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes.
The snake is viewed as a traitor to the Erdtree, and the audience delighted in seeing these bronze effigies beaten and battered.
Gravekeeper Cloak (Altered)
Defensive wear encircled by bronze snakes.
Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum. The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes.
The snake is viewed as a traitor to the Erdtree, and the audience delighted in seeing these bronze effigies beaten and battered.
Sanguine Noble Hood
Hood of dyed black cloth featuring gold embroidery.
Worn by the nobles who serve the Lord of Blood.
Known to strike from pools of blood, these assassins are missionaries come to share the gospel of accursed blood.
Sanguine Noble Robe
Robe of dyed black cloth featuring gold embroidery.
Worn by the nobles who serve the Lord of Blood.
The grand metallic pattern on the shoulder is a signifier of the noble rank they intend to claim upon the advent of the new dynasty they are working to install.
Sanguine Noble Waistcloth
Waistcloth sewn from black cloth.
Worn by the nobles who serve the Lord of Blood.
Known to strike from pools of blood, these assassins are missionaries come to share the gospel of accursed blood.
Guardian Mask
Engraved golden mask.
Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees.
In accordance with an ancient pact with the Erdtree, it is said that their deaths led not to destruction, but instead to renewed, eternal life as guardians.
Guardian Garb (Full Bloom)
Engraved golden garb.
Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees.
Raises the HP recovery effects of the Flask of Crimson Tears, but greatly lowers fire damage negation.
It is said that the blood-red flowers blooming on their backs mark the senescence of their ancient pact. Perhaps the guardians are part tree already.
Guardian Bracers
Engraved golden bracers.
Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees.
In accordance with an ancient pact with the Erdtree, it is said that their deaths led not to destruction, but instead to renewed, eternal life as guardians.
Guardian Greaves
Engraved golden greaves.
Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees.
In accordance with an ancient pact with the Erdtree, it is said that their deaths led not to destruction, but instead to renewed, eternal life as guardians.
Guardian Garb
Engraved golden garb.
Worn by the guardians of the Minor Erdtrees.
In accordance with an ancient pact with the Erdtree, it is said that their deaths led not to destruction, but instead to renewed, eternal life as guardians.
Cleanrot Helm
Winged helm of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering.
The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles the fiercest of all.
Cleanrot Armor
Armor of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering.
The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles the fiercest of all.
Cleanrot Gauntlets
Gauntlets of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering.
The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles the fiercest of all.
Cleanrot Greaves
Greaves of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering.
The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles the fiercest of all.
Fire Monk Hood
Mail hood of iron links covering a headband
engraved with flames. Attire of the Fire Monks.
The Fire Monks are guardians of the flame of ruin, forbidden by the Erdtree and said to be kept high in the Mountaintops of the Giants.
Fire Monk Armor
Black iron armor adorned with a red cloth.
Attire of the Fire Monks.
The grotesque face sculpted on the chest is said to depict the corrupt ancient god of the flame.
Taboos transform into lasting obsessions by virtue of the fear that they inspire.
Fire Monk Gauntlets
Black iron gauntlets featuring a flame motif.
Attire of the Fire Monks.
The Fire Monks are guardians of the flame of ruin, forbidden by the Erdtree and said to be kept high in the Mountaintops of the Giants.
Fire Monk Greaves
Black iron greaves featuring a flame motif.
Attire of the Fire Monks.
The Fire Monks are guardians of the flame of ruin, forbidden by the Erdtree and said to be kept high in the Mountaintops of the Giants.
Blackflame Monk Hood
Mail hood of iron links covering a headband
engraved with flames. Attire of the Blackflame Monks.
The Blackflame Monks, enthralled by the god-slaying black flame, became traitors, abandoning their posts as guardians. The seduction of a taboo is never easily spurned.
Blackflame Monk Armor
Black iron armor adorned with ashen cloth.
Attire of the Blackflame Monks.
The Blackflame Monks, enthralled by the god-slaying black flame, became traitors, abandoning their posts as guardians. The seduction of a taboo is never easily spurned.
Blackflame Monk Gauntlets
Black iron gauntlets featuring a flame motif.
Attire of the Blackflame Monks.
The Blackflame Monks, enthralled by the god-slaying black flame, became traitors, abandoning their posts as guardians. The seduction of a taboo is never easily spurned.
Blackflame Monk Greaves
Black iron greaves featuring a flame motif.
Attire of the Blackflame Monks.
The Blackflame Monks, enthralled by the god-slaying black flame, became traitors, abandoning their posts as guardians. The seduction of a taboo is never easily spurned.
Fire Prelate Helm
Helm engraved with a sacred countenance and housing a cauldron.
Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks.
It is said the cauldron perched atop the head was originally furnished with embers, and would surge into flames when the wearer's faith reached its zenith. The fire of this cauldron has since died out, however.
Fire Prelate Armor
Black iron armor adorned with a red cloth.
Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks.
The weighty frames of the Prelates symbolized the onus of their grave vows as guardians of the flame. "Etch this sight upon thine breast. Of my thunderous gravity."
Fire Prelate Gauntlets
Black iron gauntlets with the appearance of flames.
Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks.
The weighty frames of the Prelates symbolized the onus of their grave vows as guardians of the flame. "Etch this sight upon thine breast. Of my thunderous gravity."
Fire Prelate Greaves
Black iron greaves with the appearance of flames.
Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks.
The weighty frames of the Prelates symbolized the onus of their grave vows as guardians of the flame. "Etch this sight upon thine breast. Of my thunderous gravity."
Fire Prelate Armor (Altered)
Black iron armor.
Attire of the Fire Prelates, commanders of the Fire Monks.
The weighty frames of the Prelates symbolized the onus of their grave vows as guardians of the flame. "Etch this sight upon thine breast. Of my thunderous gravity."
Aristocrat Headband
Valuable headband featuring fine goldwork.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Aristocrat Garb
High quality garb adorned with fine golden embroidery.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Terribly faded and tattered.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Aristocrat Boots
Boots made from tanned leather.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Aristocrat Hat
Leather hat decorated with a withered feather.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital, and the belonging of a family which claims a knight as an ancestor.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Aristocrat Coat
Tanned leather coat adorned with fine gold embroidery.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital, and the belonging of a family which claims a knight as an ancestor.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Old Aristocrat Cowl
Cowl made of soft cloth.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Garb favored by the aged.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Old Aristocrat Gown
Gown of soft cloth adorned with fine gold embroidery.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Garb favored by the aged.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Old Aristocrat Shoes
Hard-wearing shoes made of leather.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Garb favored by the aged.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Vulgar Militia Helm
Helm worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen.
The upward extension serves to create an appearance of larger size, however slightly.
Vulgar Militia Armor
Armor worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen.
Freshly-singed battlegrounds effusing with the stench of the dead. Forbidden lands that will be excised from the memory of history. This is where the vulgar militia serve, as untiring, unsung watchkeepers.
Vulgar Militia Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen.
Freshly-singed battlegrounds effusing with the stench of the dead. Forbidden lands that will be excised from the memory of history. This is where the vulgar militia serve, as untiring, unsung watchkeepers.
Vulgar Militia Greaves
Greaves worn by lean, mean, and filthy militiamen.
Freshly-singed battlegrounds effusing with the stench of the dead. Forbidden lands that will be excised from the memory of history. This is where the vulgar militia serve, as untiring, unsung watchkeepers.
Sage Hood
A burgundy pointed hood.
Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical.
Evidence that the wearer was driven from town.
Sage Robe
Thick burgundy robe.
Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical.
Evidence that the wearer was driven from town.
Sage Trousers
Thick burgundy trousers.
Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical.
Evidence that the wearer was driven from town.
Pumpkin Helm
An oval helm large enough to cover any head.
Very heavy and very hard.
Reduces damage from headshots and impacts.
The inside of the helm is pitch black, keeping the crazed warrior within from panicking.
Perhaps its rather roomy interior also helps alleviate feelings of pressure and claustrophobia.
Elden Lord Crown
Crown of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield.
He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded.
Elden Lord Armor
Armor of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield.
He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded.
Elden Lord Bracers
Bracers of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield.
He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded.
Elden Lord Greaves
Greaves of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield.
He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded.
Radahn's Redmane Helm
Helm of the golden lion, with flowing red hair.
Worn by General Radahn.
Radahn inherited the furious, flaming red hair of his father Radagon, and is fond of its heroic implications.
"I was born a champion's cub. Now I am the Lord of the Battlefield's lion."
Radahn's Lion Armor
Armor depicting the golden lion.
Worn by General Radahn.
The golden lion is said to symbolize Godfrey, the first Elden Lord, and his beast regent, Serosh. From his youngest years, Radahn was naturally captivated by the Lord of the Battlefield.
Radahn's Gauntlets
Gauntlets depicting the golden lion.
Worn by General Radahn.
The golden lion is said to symbolize Godfrey, the first Elden Lord, and his beast regent, Serosh. From his youngest years, Radahn was naturally captivated by the Lord of the Battlefield.
Radahn's Greaves
Greaves depicting the golden lion.
Worn by General Radahn.
The golden lion is said to symbolize Godfrey, the first Elden Lord, and his beast regent, Serosh. From his youngest years, Radahn was naturally captivated by the Lord of the Battlefield.
Lord of Blood's Robe
Attire of Mohg, Lord of Blood, embroidered with an extravagant gold emblem on black cloth.
The dress of a Luminary, the reigning lord and hierarch of the coming dynasty of Mohgwyn. Or perhaps, of a raving lunatic.
Queen's Crescent Crown
A tall crown depicting the moon.
Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Increases intelligence.
When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him.
And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Queen's Robe
Robe indicating the highest order of sorcerer.
Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon.
When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him.
And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Queen's Bracelets
Bracelets indicating the highest order of sorcerer.
Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon.
When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him.
And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Queen's Leggings
Leggings indicating the highest order of sorcerer.
Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon.
When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him.
And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Godskin Apostle Hood
Hood made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Worn by the Godskin Apostles.
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame. But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
Godskin Apostle Robe
Robe made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Worn by the Godskin Apostles.
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame. But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
Godskin Apostle Bracelets
Black bracelets of the Godskin Apostles.
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame. But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
Godskin Apostle Trousers
Trousers made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Worn by the Godskin Apostles.
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame. But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
Godskin Noble Hood
Hood made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Subcutaneous fat makes it plump and soft.
Worn by Godskin Nobles.
Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form.
Godskin Noble Robe
Robe made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Subcutaneous fat makes it plump and soft. Worn by Godskin Nobles, known for their seven-face aprons.
Strengthens the Noble Presence incantation.
Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form.
Godskin Noble Bracelets
Black bracelets of the Godskin Nobles.
Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form.
Godskin Noble Trousers
Trousers made by sewing together patches of smooth skin.
Subcutaneous fat makes them plump and soft.
Worn by Godskin Nobles.
Nobles are the most ancient apostles who are said to have assimilated inhuman physiology. Not unlike the crucible, the Erdtree in its primordial form.
Depraved Perfumer Headscarf
Headscarf worn by depraved perfumers.
These heresy-inclined perfumers imbibe their own spices to alter body and mind. Their slow descent into self-destruction is what earned them their name.
Depraved Perfumer Robe
Robe worn by depraved perfumers.
The embroidery on the apron is itself a curse upon the Erdtree.
These heresy-inclined perfumers imbibe their own spices to alter body and mind. Their slow descent into self-destruction is what earned them their name.
Depraved Perfumer Gloves
Gloves worn by depraved perfumers.
These heresy-inclined perfumers imbibe their own spices to alter body and mind. Their slow descent into self-destruction is what earned them their name.
Depraved Perfumer Trousers
Trousers worn by depraved perfumers.
These heresy-inclined perfumers imbibe their own spices to alter body and mind. Their slow descent into self-destruction is what earned them their name.
Crucible Axe Helm
Helm of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The axe ornamentation is the knight Ordovis's mark, displayed also by his men.
Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
Crucible Axe Armor
Armor of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
Worn by the knight Ordovis and his men.
Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
Crucible Gauntlets
Gauntlets of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
Hold the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthen Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
In time, the strength shown by these knights, and even their appearance, was seen as chaotic and deserving of scorn.
Crucible Greaves
Greaves of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
Hold the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthen Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
In time, the strength shown by these knights, and even their appearance, was seen as chaotic and deserving of scorn.
Crucible Tree Helm
Helm of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The great tree ornamentation is the knight Siluria's mark, displayed also by her men.
Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
Crucible Tree Armor
Armor of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
Worn by the knight Siluria and her men.
Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
Lusat's Glintstone Crown
The giant blue glintstone crown worn by Lusat, primeval current sorcerer.
This crown replaced Lusat's brain and skull altogether, and now, removed from his body, it is all but dead. What power remains within raises the potency of Lusat's primeval current sorceries at the cost of additional FP consumption.
Lusat's Robe
A robe reserved for grand masters at the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Corroded by blue glintstones.
Since the grand masters Azur and Lusat were driven from the academy, no one has achieved their formerly-held rank.
Lusat's Manchettes
Manchettes corroded by blue glintstones.
Worn by Lusat, primeval current sorcerer.
Lusat had reached a near-inorganic state.
Old Sorcerer's Legwraps
Ragged waistcloth that extends to the thighs.
Common amongst old-fashioned sorcerers.
Azur's Glintstone Crown
Crown of Azur, primeval current sorcerer, set with a prominent blue-green glintstone.
This crown replaced Azur's brain and skull altogether, and now, removed from his body, it is all but dead. What power remains within raises the potency of Azur's primeval current sorceries at the cost of additional FP consumption.
Azur's Glintstone Robe
A robe reserved for grand masters at the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Corroded by blue-green glintstones.
Since the grand masters Azur and Lusat were driven from the academy, no one has achieved their formerly-held rank.
Azur's Manchettes
Manchettes corroded by blue-green glintstones.
Worn by Azur, primeval current sorcerer.
Azur had reached a near-inorganic state.
All-Knowing Helm
Helm set with countless eyes and ears.
Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing.
Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear.
At the end that should not be.
All-Knowing Armor
Armor set with countless eyes and ears.
Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing.
Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear.
At the end that should not be.
All-Knowing Gauntlets
Gauntlets set with countless eyes and ears.
Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing.
Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear.
At the end that should not be.
All-Knowing Greaves
Greaves set with countless eyes and ears.
Worn by Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing.
Knowledge begins with the recognition of one's ignorance. The realization that the search for knowledge is unending. But when Gideon glimpsed into the will of Queen Marika, he shuddered in fear.
At the end that should not be.
Twinned Helm
Helm depicting entwined twins of gold and silver.
The two known as D are inseparable twins.
They are of two bodies and two minds, but one single soul. Not once do they stand together; not one word do they speak to one another.
Perhaps this armor longs to find its way to the other D.
Twinned Armor
Armor depicting entwined twins of gold and silver.
The two known as D are inseparable twins.
They are of two bodies and two minds, but one single soul. Not once do they stand together; not one word do they speak to one another.
Perhaps this armor longs to find its way to the other D.
Twinned Gauntlets
Gauntlets depicting entwined twins of gold and silver.
The two known as D are inseparable twins.
They are of two bodies and two minds, but one single soul. Not once do they stand together; not one word do they speak to one another.
Perhaps this armor longs to find its way to the other D.
Twinned Greaves
Greaves depicting entwined twins of gold and silver.
The two known as D are inseparable twins.
They are of two bodies and two minds, but one single soul. Not once do they stand together; not one word do they speak to one another.
Perhaps this armor longs to find its way to the other D.
Ragged Hat
Helm pieced together from scavenged metal.
Ragged Armor
Armor pieced together from scavenged metal.
Ragged Gloves
Gauntlets pieced together from scavenged metal.
Ragged Loincloth
Greaves pieced together from scavenged metal.
Prophet Blindfold
Blindfold of exiled prophets who foretold misfortune—and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result.
Why hesitate, if the path leading to the future is clear? Just close your eyes, and walk.
Corhyn's Robe
Robe of Corhyn the cleric.
Even after exile, Corhyn refused to recant his prophecies. And for this, he was blessed with the guidance of grace. 
Since then, the cart wheel draped on his neck has served as a reminder. That true guidance awaits those with iron wills. Those with unwavering faith.
Prophet Trousers
Trousers of exiled prophets who foretold misfortune—and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result.
Made from rough fabric that scrapes against the skin like a sharpening file.
Prophet Robe (Altered)
Robe of exiled prophets who foretold misfortune—and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result.
Made from rough fabric that scrapes against the skin like a sharpening file.
Prophet Robe
Robe of exiled prophets who foretold misfortune—and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result.
The shackles around the neck warn passersby not to lend an ear to their sermons.
Astrologer Hood
Hood fashioned from supple cloth.
Worn by those who look to the cosmos above.
They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers.
But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate.
Astrologer Robe
Robe fashioned from supple cloth.
Worn by those who look to the cosmos above.
They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers.
But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate.
Astrologer Gloves
Gloves fashioned from fine, supple cloth.
Worn by those who look to the cosmos above.
They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers.
But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate.
Astrologer Trousers
Trousers worn inside a robe.
Worn by those who look to the cosmos above.
They read fate in the stars, and are said to be heirs of the glintstone sorcerers.
But alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate.
Lionel's Helm
Round iron helm with a distinctive large brim.
Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted.
When this chivalrous, dauntless knight met Fia, who had been driven from her home, he declared himself to be her father.
Lionel's Armor
Round iron armor with a banner extending from its back.
Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted.
When this chivalrous, dauntless knight met Fia, who had been driven from her home, he declared himself to be her father.
Lionel's Gauntlets
Rounded iron gauntlets.
Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted.
When this chivalrous, dauntless knight met Fia, who had been driven from her home, he declared himself to be her father.
Lionel's Greaves
Rounded iron greaves.
Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted.
When this chivalrous, dauntless knight met Fia, who had been driven from her home, he declared himself her father.
Lionel's Armor (Altered)
Round iron armor.
Worn by Lionel the Lionhearted.
When this chivalrous, dauntless knight met Fia, who had been driven from her home, he declared himself to be her father.
Hoslow's Helm
A twin-tailed silver helm decorated with flowery adornments. Symbol of the head of the revered House of Hoslow.
Juno Hoslow had a younger brother who was all talk and no trousers.
His inability to commit to action was such that Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance, granting him the freedom to shower his little brother with adoration. 
Hoslow's Armor
Garish silver armor decorated with red embellishments.
Passed down through the Hoslow family.
When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused.
"I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."
Hoslow's Gauntlets
Garish silver gauntlets decorated with red embellishments.
Passed down through the Hoslow family.
When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused.
"I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."
Hoslow's Greaves
Garish silver greaves decorated with red embellishments.
Passed down through the Hoslow family.
When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused.
"I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."
Diallos's Mask
Replica of a twin-tailed silver helm with flowery adornments. Only, without the twin tails.
Diallos Hoslow had an older brother who was a stern, self-possessed man of few words. His achievements made him seem out of reach.
And so the younger aspired to be like the older. Yearning for the day that he would tell the tale of House Hoslow, in blood. Knowing full well that it would break his brother's heart.
Vagabond Knight Helm
Helm of a knight banished from their motherland.
Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey.
The visor is broken and can no longer be lowered.
Metal armor is heavy, but also sturdy, offering significant damage negation.
Vagabond Knight Armor
Chest piece of a knight banished from their motherland.
Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey.
The crest emblazoned on the front is worn and dingy, no longer able to evoke sentiment.
Metal armor is heavy, but also sturdy, offering significant damage negation.
Vagabond Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets of a knight banished from their motherland.
Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey.
Metal armor is heavy, but also sturdy, offering significant damage negation.
Vagabond Knight Greaves
Greaves of a knight banished from their motherland.
Dirty and battered after enduring a lengthy vagabond journey.
Metal armor is heavy, but also sturdy, offering significant damage negation.
Blue Cloth Cowl
Cowl of a nomadic warrior.
The blue color of its fabric symbolizes brisk waters, as fluid and flowing as the sword in the hand of its wearer.
Just as still waters turn foul, stagnation leads to decay.
Warriors must remain ever drifting.
Blue Cloth Vest
Vest of a nomadic warrior.
The blue color of its fabric symbolizes brisk waters, as fluid and flowing as the sword in the hand of its wearer.
Just as still waters turn foul, stagnation leads to decay.
Warriors must remain ever drifting.
Warrior Gauntlets
Gauntlets of a nomadic warrior.
Crafted from sturdy leather.
Warrior Greaves
Greaves of a nomadic warrior.
Crafted from sturdy leather.
White Mask
Bloodstained, faintly grinning white mask.
Worn by war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers.
The Lord of Blood's curse enlivens the wearer when bloodletting occurs. Slightly raises attack power when there is blood loss nearby.
War Surgeon Gown
Bloodstained white gown of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers.
Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood, none were able to tame the accursed blood.
None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception.
War Surgeon Gloves
Bloodstained white gloves of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers.
Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood, none were able to tame the accursed blood.
None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception.
War Surgeon Trousers
Bloodstained trousers of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers.
Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood, none were able to tame the accursed blood.
None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception.
Royal Remains Helm
Helm graced with gold human bones.
Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Slowly replenishes HP when HP is reduced.
It is said that the bones belong to an ancient lord―the soulless king. The lord of the lost and desperate, who was known as Ensha.
Royal Remains Armor
Armor graced with gold human bones.
Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Slowly replenishes HP when HP is reduced.
It is said that the bones belong to an ancient lord―the soulless king. The lord of the lost and desperate, who was known as Ensha.
Royal Remains Gauntlets
Gauntlets graced with gold human bones.
Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Slowly replenishes HP when HP is reduced.
It is said that the bones belong to an ancient lord―the soulless king. The lord of the lost and desperate, who was known as Ensha.
Royal Remains Greaves
Greaves graced with gold human bones.
Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Slowly replenishes HP when HP is reduced.
It is said that the bones belong to an ancient lord―the soulless king. The lord of the lost and desperate, who was known as Ensha.
Brave's Cord Circlet
Warrior's headband of woven leather.
Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
The small flags, white cloths and sheaves of wheat
often found hung from these headbands are
prayers of farewell from the people of their home.
In bidding farewell to warriors departing on
a journey from which they aren't like to return,
this small act offers only meager relief.
Brave's Battlewear
Battlewear fashioned from leather armor
adorned with a large sheet of cloth.
Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
The red cloth signifies participation in the
Long March long, long ago and this ceremonial
garb beseeches the favor of the Warrior King
who led them.
Brave's Bracer
Gauntlets wrapped in thick leather.
Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
Has a fur lining which excels at keeping
the cold at bay.
Brave's Legwraps
Greaves wrapped in thick leather.
Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
Has a fur lining which excels at keeping
the cold at bay.
Brave's Leather Helm
Battlewear wrapped in thick leather.
Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
Brave's Battlewear (Altered)
Helm wrapped in thick leather.
Garb worn by warriors of the frigid uplands.
Beast Champion Helm
Silver helm engraved with tiny beasts.
Worn by Bernahl the Recusant.
The beasts, their eyes and ears covered, represent an oath: "See nothing, hear nothing, doubt nothing, and carry on, along the path set in stone."
Beast Champion Armor
Silver armor engraved with tiny beasts.
Worn by Bernahl the Recusant.
Beasts are drawn to champions, and to lords. And this armor befits a champion worthy of becoming a lord. And that is what Bernahl was.
Until his maiden threw herself into the fire.
Beast Champion Gauntlets
Silver gauntlets engraved with tiny beasts.
Worn by Bernahl the Recusant.
Beasts are drawn to champions, and to lords. And this armor befits a champion worthy of becoming a lord. And that is what Bernahl was.
Until his maiden threw herself into the fire.
Beast Champion Greaves
Silver greaves engraved with tiny beasts.
Worn by Bernahl the Recusant.
Beasts are drawn to champions, and to lords. And this armor befits a champion worthy of becoming a lord. And that is what Bernahl was.
Until his maiden threw herself into the fire.
Champion Headband
Headband reserved for the badlands' bravest.
Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes.
Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment.
Champion Pauldron
Pauldron reserved for the badlands' bravest.
Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes.
Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment.
Champion Bracers
Bracers reserved for the badlands' bravest.
Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes.
Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment.
Champion Gaiters
Gaiters formed only with leather straps.
Common wear in the badlands.
Crimson Hood
A hooded cloak of vivid crimson.
Worn by expatriated royalty.
Increases vigor.
Such cloaks were gifted to those who departed on journeys without specific orders, to faraway lands from which they would never return. In other words, the gift of a cloak made it easier for undesirables to be on their way. 
Roderika never once saw the guidance of grace.
Noble's Traveling Garb
Traveling attire fashioned from metallic white silk thread. Worn by expatriated royalty.
A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment.
Noble's Gloves
Gloves of plush leather.
Worn by expatriated royalty.
A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment.
Noble's Trousers
White trousers of superior craftsmanship.
Worn by expatriated royalty.
A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment.
Navy Hood
A hooded cloak of deep navy.
Worn by expatriated royalty.
Increases mind.
Such cloaks were gifted to those who departed on missions to faraway lands, from which they would never return. But what choice did they have, having seen the guidance of grace?
Maliketh's Helm
Beast's helm made of black iron and decorated with gold.
Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade.
Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him.
Champions knew what was at stake.
Indeed, that is what made them champions.
Maliketh's Armor
Beast's armor made of black iron and decorated with gold.
Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade.
Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him.
Champions knew what was at stake.
Indeed, that is what made them champions.
Maliketh's Gauntlets
Beast's gauntlets made of black iron and decorated with gold.
Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade.
Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him.
Champions knew what was at stake.
Indeed, that is what made them champions.
Maliketh's Greaves
Beast's greaves made of black iron and decorated with gold.
Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade.
Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him.
Champions knew what was at stake.
Indeed, that is what made them champions.
Malenia's Winged Helm
Winged helm made of unalloyed gold.
Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
"My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god—he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."
Malenia's Armor
Armor made of unalloyed gold.
Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
"My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god—he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."
Malenia's Gauntlet
Gauntlet made of unalloyed gold.
Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
"My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god—he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."
Malenia's Greaves
Greaves made of unalloyed gold.
Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
"My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god—he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all."
Veteran's Helm
An old helm that has seen many battles.
Worn by Niall, the veteran general of Sol.
Niall was a lone survivor who commanded spirits to defend his long-passed master.
This aging general could not die, nor did he have anywhere to fade away.
Veteran's Armor
Old armor that has seen many battles.
Worn by Niall, the veteran general of Sol.
Niall was a lone survivor who commanded spirits to defend his long-passed master.
This aging general could not die, nor did he have anywhere to fade away.
Veteran's Gauntlets
Old gauntlets that have seen many battles.
Worn by Niall, the veteran general of Sol.
Niall was a lone survivor who commanded spirits to defend his long-passed master.
This aging general could not die, nor did he have anywhere to fade away.
Veteran's Greaves
Old greaves that have seen many battles.
Worn by Niall, the veteran general of Sol.
Niall was a lone survivor who commanded spirits to defend his long-passed master.
This aging general could not die, nor did he have anywhere to fade away.
Bloodhound Knight Helm
Metal helm with a pointed beak.
Worn by the Bloodhound Knights.
The Bloodhound Knights are trained as hunters and known to be unshakable trackers.
Without the use of language, each knight chooses his own master.
Once the decision has been made, the knight stays loyal for life.
Bloodhound Knight Armor
Metal armor with a jutting breastplate.
Worn by the Bloodhound Knights.
The Bloodhound Knights are trained as hunters and known to be unshakable trackers.
Without the use of language, each knight chooses his own master.
Once the decision has been made, the knight stays loyal for life.
Bloodhound Knight Gauntlets
Metal gauntlets of the Bloodhound Knights.
The Bloodhound Knights are trained as hunters and known to be unshakable trackers.
Without the use of language, each knight chooses his own master.
Once the decision has been made, the knight stays loyal for life.
Bloodhound Knight Greaves
Metal greaves of the Bloodhound Knights.
The Bloodhound Knights are trained as hunters and known to be unshakable trackers.
Without the use of language, each knight chooses his own master.
Once the decision has been made, the knight stays loyal for life.
Festive Hood
Hood worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills.
Decorated with many-colored flowers.
Festive Garb
Ceremonial garb worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills.
Faintly bloodstained.
Festive Hood (Altered)
Hood worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills.
Decorated with a stunning array of flowers.
Blue Festive Hood
Hood worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills.
Use of this hood, dyed in a stunning blue, is only permitted for the young maids who play the central role in the festival.
Blue Festive Garb
Ceremonial garb worn by dancers at the festivities in Dominula, the village of windmills.
Use of this garb, dyed in a stunning blue, is only permitted for the young maids who play the central role in the festival.
Commoner's Headband
A headband that holds cloth in place.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
Only, there are no commoners remaining with their wits about them.
Commoner's Garb
Garb with a thick embroidered cape attached.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
The board hung from the neck depicts a sprawling tree, its roots and branches forming two holes. This is a self-imposed shackle, a voluntary display of allegiance to the Erdtree that increases faith.
Commoner's Shoes
Modest shoes made of cloth.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
Only, there are no commoners remaining with their wits about them.
Commoner's Headband (Altered)
A headband with the cloth removed.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
Only, there are no commoners remaining with their wits about them.
Commoner's Garb (Altered)
Garb decorated with intricate embroidery.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
The board hung from the neck depicts a sprawling tree, its roots and branches forming two holes. This is a self-imposed shackle, a voluntary display of allegiance to the Erdtree that increases faith.
Commoner's Simple Garb
Garb with a modest cloth cape attached.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
The board hung from the neck depicts a sprawling tree, its roots and branches forming two holes. This is a self-imposed shackle, a voluntary display of allegiance to the Erdtree that increases faith.
Commoner's Simple Garb (Altered)
Modest garb made of cloth.
Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
The board hung from the neck depicts a sprawling tree, its roots and branches forming two holes. This is a self-imposed shackle, a voluntary display of allegiance to the Erdtree that increases faith.
Envoy Crown
The soft bundle worn on the head by Oracle Envoys.
Densely wrapped in several layers of cloth.
Raises the potency of bubble-based skills.
No one knows what the cloth hides, but some claim to have heard a faint whimpering from inside. It must have been their imagination.
Twinsage Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Greatly increases intelligence to the detriment of HP and stamina.
Scholars of the Twinsage Conspectus were the elites of the academy, permitted to study and excel in sorceries of all kinds.
Raya Lucarian Robe
Robe worn by Raya Lucaria's scholars of sorcery.
Those who dedicate themselves to the study of glintstones formed from starry amber receive this modest yet elegant deep navy garb after making their vows of virtue and austerity.
But with extended life, one is apt to forget old vows.
Sorcerer Manchettes
Manchettes worn by Raya Lucaria's scholars of sorcery.
Made by wrapping a simple cloth around the forearms.
Sorcerer Leggings
Leggings worn by Raya Lucaria's scholars of sorcery.
Made by wrapping a simple cloth around the legs.
Olivinus Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence to the detriment of HP.
The lineage of the Olivinus Conspectus began with the sorcerer Lusat, and its adherents continue his study of meteors.
Lazuli Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence and dexterity to the detriment of HP.
Scholars of the Lazuli Conspectus study Carian sorceries—a heterodox pursuit that views the moon as equal to the stars.
Karolos Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence to the detriment of stamina.
The Karolos Conspectus is the oldest of the academy's lineages of study, begat by the sorcerer Azur. Scholars who follow in his footsteps pursue the mysteries of comets.
Witch's Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence and arcane to the detriment of stamina.
This gentle-looking crown was granted to a scholar who excelled in her studies, which also merited the title of "witch."
Marionette Soldier Helm
Cylindrical helm of plate metal reinforced with a lattice.
Worn by marionette soldiers, crafted to serve the sorcerers.
The construction of this helm is remarkably crude.
For a doll, the only thing that matters is that it does not break.
Marionette Soldier Armor
Armor of metal bands arranged in a lattice.
Worn by marionette soldiers, crafted to serve the sorcerers.
The construction of this armor is remarkably crude, now rusted over and severely dented.
For a doll, the only thing that matters is that it does not break.
Marionette Soldier Birdhelm
Metal helm formed in the likeness of the face of a bird.
Worn by avionette soldiers, crafted to serve the sorcerers.
The construction of this helm is remarkably crude.
For a doll, the only thing that matters is that it does not break.
Raging Wolf Helm
Helm worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold.
Vargram's nickname comes from the white wolf's mane that decorates this helm.
Raging Wolf Armor
Armor worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold.
According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of the Empyrean, and this is what Vargram aspired to be.
Raging Wolf Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold.
According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of the Empyrean, and this is what Vargram aspired to be.
Raging Wolf Greaves
Greaves worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold.
According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of the Empyrean, and this is what Vargram aspired to be.
Land of Reeds Helm
Helm made from strips of iron fastened together.
Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds.
The Land of Reeds has long been locked in a miserable civil war, during which time it has remained alienated from the cultures of its neighbors. Little wonder that the entire nation has succumbed to blood-soaked madness, or so it is said.
Land of Reeds Armor
Armor made from strips of iron fastened together.
Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds.
The grimy outer mantle is made from withered reeds from the warrior's birthplace.
Perhaps its comforts extend to nostalgic thoughts of home.
Land of Reeds Gauntlets
Gauntlets wrapped in tough leather.
Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds.
Land of Reeds Greaves
Greaves wrapped in tough leather.
Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds.
Land of Reeds Armor (Altered)
Armor made from strips of iron fastened together.
Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds.
The Land of Reeds has long been locked in a miserable civil war, during which time it has remained alienated from the cultures of its neighbors. Little wonder that the entire nation has succumbed to blood-soaked madness, or so it is said.
Okina Mask
A wooden mask that depicts an old man bearing his teeth. The source of the sobriquet of the great swordsman of the Land of Reeds.
Raises dexterity as it lowers focus.
The more he sharpened his mind, the more the absurdities of the world came into stark relief. And so Okina renounced it all, and rose to a higher plane. There was only himself. His katana. And its mastery.
Before long, Okina became a demon of a swordsman.
White Reed Armor
Armor of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates.
Worn by the Inaba, head disciples of the great swordsman Okina.
The Inaba traveled in pursuit of not only the master who abandoned them, but also proper deaths, won honorably through hard-fought combat.
To be a White Reed is to seek death; fitting for the Inaba, who desired nothing more than to die by the sword.
White Reed Gauntlets
Gauntlets of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates.
Worn by the Inaba, head disciples of the great swordsman Okina.
The Inaba traveled in pursuit of not only the master who abandoned them, but also proper deaths, won honorably through hard-fought combat.
To be a White Reed is to seek death; fitting for the Inaba, who desired nothing more than to die by the sword.
White Reed Greaves
Greaves of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates.
Worn by the Inaba, head disciples of the great swordsman Okina.
The Inaba traveled in pursuit of not only the master who abandoned them, but also proper deaths, won honorably through hard-fought combat.
To be a White Reed is to seek death; fitting for the Inaba, who desired nothing more than to die by the sword.
Confessor Hood
Black hood for blending in with the darkness.
Worn by church confessors.
The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies.
Confessor Armor
Black leather armor for blending in with the darkness.
Worn by church confessors.
The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies.
Confessor Gloves
Black leather gloves of the church confessors.
The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies.
Confessor Boots
Leather boots of the church confessors.
The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies.
Confessor Hood (Altered)
Cloth headwrap worn under a church confessor's black hood.
Such hoods are made for blending in with the darkness.
Prisoner Iron Mask
Iron mask forced on a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime.
Thick, heavy, and utterly stifling.
A foul creation designed to torment the wearer, either slowly fermenting hatred within their heart, or a spiritual fervor that is near indistinguishable from it.
Prisoner Clothing
Tattered clothing.
Worn by a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime.
Never once washed, every fiber is filthy.
Prisoner Trousers
Tattered trousers.
Worn by a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime.
Never once washed, every fiber is filthy.
The smell is beyond belief.
Blackguard's Iron Mask
Iron mask forced on convicted prisoners.
Worn by the blackguard Big Boggart.
To Boggart, the mask made him all the more threatening, and helped him get what he wanted. But it was also a mirror of his emptiness.
Traveling Maiden Hood
Hood worn by traveling maidens.
Maidens traversed the Lands Between for different reasons. Some to seek audience with the Fingers. Others, to find the Tarnished who they were destined to guide.
Traveling Maiden Robe
Robe worn by traveling maidens.
Maidens traversed the Lands Between for different reasons. Some to seek audience with the Fingers. Others, to find the Tarnished who they were destined to guide.
Traveling Maiden Gloves
Gloves worn by traveling maidens.
Maidens traversed the Lands Between for different reasons. Some to seek audience with the Fingers. Others, to find the Tarnished who they were destined to guide.
Traveling Maiden Boots
Boots worn by traveling maidens.
Maidens traversed the Lands Between for different reasons. Some to seek audience with the Fingers. Others, to find the Tarnished who they were destined to guide.
Traveling Maiden Robe (Altered)
Modest garb of traveling maidens, typically worn under their robes.
Finger Maiden Fillet
Fillet worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers.
The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago.
Finger Maiden Robe
Robe worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers.
The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago.
Finger Maiden Shoes
Shoes worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers.
The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago.
Preceptor's Big Hat
Large hat with the movements of the stars drawn on the inside of the brim.
Worn by the magic preceptors who served the Carian royals.
Increases mind to the detriment of stamina.
Glintstone sorcerers are the descendants of astrologers, a fact that the Carians remain aware of. Even if their fate has been long severed from the stars.
Preceptor's Long Gown
A long, bright blue gown with the movements of the stars drawn upon it.
Worn by the magic preceptors who served the Carian royals.
Glintstone sorcerers are the descendants of astrologers, a fact that the Carians remain aware of. Even if their fate has been long severed from the stars.
Preceptor's Gloves
Gloves of the magic preceptors who serve the Carian royals.
Black and perfectly discreet.
Preceptor's Trousers
Trousers of the magic preceptors who serve the Carian royals.
Black and perfectly discreet.
Mask of Confidence
Mask with the mouth sewn shut with gold thread.
Increases arcane.
When Radagon married Rennala, he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don these masks. To make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private.
Preceptor's Long Gown (Altered)
Modest garb, previously worn under a long, bright blue gown with the movements of the stars drawn upon it.
Grass Hair Ornament
A headdress made from wildflowers.
Wearing this might make you less easy to spot.
Skeletal Mask
Skeletal mask that tightly grips the face.
Worn by the assassins of Ravenmount.
This ritual implement relentlessly digs into the wearer's face, preserving one's human instincts while dressed in imitation of the Deathbirds.
Raptor's Black Feathers
Robe crafted with the black feathers of a bird of prey.
Worn by the assassins of Ravenmount.
A ritual implement for transforming into a Deathbird, if only by imitation.
Strengthens jump attacks.
"We are birds of prey, bringers of death."
Bandit Manchettes
Manchettes made by simply wrapping dirty cloth around the arms.
Worn by bandits.
Bandit Boots
Leather boots worn by bandits.
Light for ease of movement, and supple for masking sound. In trade, they offer little damage negation.
Bandit Garb
Leather garb worn by bandits.
Light for ease of movement, and supple for masking sound. In trade, they offer little damage negation.
Eccentric's Hood
A pointy, ragged hood.
Worn by the knight Jerren.
The hood hides an aged, bearded mask.
Jerren served General Radahn as a guest commander, and they are said to have sworn an oath of honorable death to one another. 
Eccentric's Armor
Unusually colorful armor.
Worn by the knight Jerren.
Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became a guest commander for General Radahn.
And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath.
Eccentric's Manchettes
The knight Jerren's manchettes.
Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became the guest commander for General Radahn.
And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath.
Eccentric's Breeches
The knight Jerren's breeches.
Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became the guest commander for General Radahn.
And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath.
Fingerprint Helm
Iron helm singed and blistered by fingers.
Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold.
No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy.
Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?
Fingerprint Armor
Iron armor singed and blistered by fingers.
Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold.
No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy.
Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?
Fingerprint Gauntlets
Iron gauntlets singed and blistered by fingers.
Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold.
No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy.
Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?
Fingerprint Greaves
Iron greaves singed and blistered by fingers.
Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold.
No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy.
Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?
Consort's Mask
Mask worn by Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor, in the image of a foreign queen.
Increases dexterity.
Long ago, when Rykard first set eyes on Tanith, she was working as a dancer in a foreign land. Soon, he made her his consort.
She was the only human to remain by his side when he became the serpent of blasphemy.
In that moment, Tanith was truly charmed by him.
Consort's Robe
Fine robe of white silk worn by Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor.
Long ago, when Rykard first set eyes on Tanith, she was working as a dancer in a foreign land. Soon, he made her his consort.
She was the only human to remain by his side when he became the serpent of blasphemy.
In that moment, Tanith was truly charmed by him.
Consort's Trousers
Fine white trousers, perfectly suited for wearing beneath a silk robe.
Ruler's Mask
Mask in the image of a wizened sage.
Customary dress among lords in a smaller nation.
Increases faith.
Such a mask illustrates the qualities of an ideal lord: chiefly, wise and possessing a certain defanged geniality.
One at the center of society often finds these qualities most expedient.
Ruler's Robe
Luxurious robe worn by lords in a smaller nation.
Its fine blue mantle serves to prove its wearer's status.
Upper-Class Robe
Embroidered, bright green robe worn by noble children.
Donning such a robe is traditionally the child's first show of burgeoning independence.
Marais Mask
Mask in the image of a white-haired young noble.
Customarily worn by the head of House Marais.
Increases arcane.
The Marais family has a dual history spanning generations, serving as both executioners and castellans of the Shaded Castle. This mask bears the likeness of the first of their line.
Marais Robe
Robe with a black mantle across the shoulders.
Customarily worn by the head of House Marais.
The sons of House Marais are all sickly born.
Little wonder that Maleigh Marais would be so beguiled by the beautiful and fierce goddess who was born into rot.
Bloodsoaked Manchettes
Manchettes formed from tightly-wound bandages soaked through with blood.
Any protection is welcome for the festering arms beneath.
Bloodsoaked Mask
Mask formed from tightly-wound bandages soaked through with blood.
Even the most ghastly cover is more inviting than the festering face beneath.
Official's Attire
Grubby blue robe worn by magisterial officials to carry out their grim tasks.
Surveillance, executions, gruesome rituals… The darkest duties drive the wheels of mankind.
Omen Helm
Malformed helm resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Worn by the Dung Eater, its form is a vision of the landscape of his mind, and of his appearance as he wished to see it.
The heart of an Omen without the body to match; could there be any crueler existence?
What does it matter, then, if the curse claims it all?
Omen Armor
Malformed armor resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Worn by the Dung Eater.
The heavy, sun-shaped medallion represents both the guidance he once saw, and the ring to which it will one day lead.
Omen Gauntlets
Malformed gauntlets resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Worn by the Dung Eater, their form is a vision of the landscape of his mind, and of his appearance as he wished to see it.
The heart of an Omen without the body to match; could there be any crueler existence?
What does it matter, then, if the curse claims it all?
Omen Greaves
Malformed greaves resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Worn by the Dung Eater, their form is a vision of the landscape of his mind, and of his appearance as he wished to see it.
The heart of an Omen without the body to match; could there be any crueler existence?
What does it matter, then, if the curse claims it all?
Carian Knight Helm
Helm of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family.
The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were all heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family.
Carian Knight Armor
Armor of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family.
The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were all heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family.
Carian Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family.
The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were all heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family.
Carian Knight Greaves
Greaves of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family.
The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were all heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family.
Hierodas Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence and endurance to the detriment of FP.
The crown of Hierodas was granted to scholars who engaged in nomadic study away from the academy.
Errant Sorcerer Robe
Commonplace robe made of thick cloth.
Worn by the Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm, one of the first Tarnished to visit Roundtable Hold.
A silent seeker of sorcery, who had gone so far as to make contact with the primeval current, Wilhelm was led by guidance into confrontation with his friend Vargram, and it is said that he was then taken prisoner in Roundtable Hold.
Errant Sorcerer Manchettes
Commonplace leather manchettes.
Their hands are inlaid with dulled glintstone.
Errant Sorcerer Boots
Commonplace leather boots, sturdy enough to withstand a long journey.
Haima Glintstone Crown
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence and strength to the detriment of FP.
Scholars of the Haima Conspectus sought the power to quell conflict, and to this end studied the sorceries of cannon fire and the gavel.
Battlemage Robe
Robe worn by scholars of the Raya Lucaria Academy scholar, tattered from being worn on the battlefield.
Whenever war broke out and the academy sealed its gates, only Haima's scholars dared venture outside.
Seclusion is no way to foster discovery; it is only a convenient form of escape.
Battlemage Manchettes
Manchettes worn by scholars of the Raya Lucaria Academy, tattered from being worn on the battlefield.
Battlemage Legwraps
Legwraps worn by scholars of the Raya Lucaria Academy, tattered from being worn on the battlefield.
Snow Witch Hat
Witch's pointed hat, frigid and frozen through.
Of a style associated with practitioners of heretical sorcery.
Strengthens cold sorcery.
Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries.
It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her.
That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor.
Snow Witch Robe
Witch's robe in the color of snow.
Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries.
It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her.
That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor.
Snow Witch Skirt
Witch's skirt in the color of snow.
Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries.
It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her.
That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor.
Traveler's Clothes
Light yet sturdy clothes.
Worn by young women who set off into the world to confront their fate.
Traveler's Manchettes
Light yet sturdy leather manchettes.
Worn by young women who set off into the world to confront their fate.
Traveler's Boots
Light yet sturdy leather boots.
Worn by young women who set off into the world to confront their fate.
Juvenile Scholar Cap
Cap worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy.
Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it.
Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion.
Juvenile Scholar Robe
Robe worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy.
Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it.
Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion.
Radiant Gold Mask
A mask designed to resemble a blazing golden halo.
Created and left behind by Lord Goldmask, a staunch pursuer of Golden Order fundamentalism.
Strengthens Golden Order incantations.
Its striking design represents both the brilliant inspiration that once shone upon him, and the vision of a ring that he will surely find at the end of his pursuit.
"To you who seek to shine as I do, wear it well!"
Goldmask's Rags
Worn rags that just barely cover the body.
Lord Goldmask felt no draw to the vain excesses of clothing; what use is finery to one who seeks greater brilliance?
Gold Bracelets
Bracelets made in the image of Erdtree branches.
Minimal adornments made by Lord Goldmask's disciples.
Those disciples have long since left him.
Gold Waistwrap
Waistwrap made in the image of Erdtree branches.
A minimal adornment made by Lord Goldmask's disciples.
Those disciples have long since left him.
Fell Omen Cloak
A cloak of ragged fur worn about the exposed body of Margit, the Fell Omen.
Having slaughtered countless champions during the Shattering, the Fell Omen has become a horror to those who harbor ambitions for the Erdtree, or for Lordship.
Albinauric Mask
Mask made from the largely unaltered hide of a young Albinauric.
Raises arcane, but reduces the HP recovery effects of the Flask of Crimson Tears.
A far cry from godskin, this Albinauric hide mask is the product of malicious mockery.
Dirty Chainmail
Chainmail worn by young Albinaurics.
The appearance of a protruding belly provides no benefits worthy of note.
Zamor Mask
Mask worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants.
These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial.
Zamor Armor
Armor worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants.
These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial.
Zamor Bracelets
Bracelets worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants.
These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial.
Zamor Legwraps
Legwraps worn by knights of Zamor, hailed as heroes in the War against the Giants.
These long-lived warriors, clad in biting, freezing winds, are said to have been the mortal enemies of the Fire Giants since time immemorial.
Imp Head (Cat)
Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Resembling a cat, it holds trace amounts of feline intelligence.
Imp Head (Fanged)
Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Resembling a fanged demon, it holds trace amounts of bestial strength.
Imp Head (Long-Tongued)
Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Resembling a long-tongued demon, it holds trace amounts of vexatious dexterity.
Imp Head (Corpse)
Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Resembling the visage of a corpse, it holds trace amounts of lingering faith.
Imp Head (Wolf)
Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Resembling a wolf, it holds trace amounts of lupine endurance.
Imp Head (Elder)
Head covering made from the largely unaltered head of an impish golem.
Resembling an elder, it holds trace amounts of arcane knowledge.
Silver Tear Mask
Mask fashioned from the corpse of a formless Silver Tear, supported by its hardened, shed husk.
Greatly increases arcane to the detriment of physical attack power.
To imitate the imitator is a cunning play indeed.
Chain Coif
Coif made of woven chain.
Standard issue for ordinary soldiers.
Though plain in appearance, it offers dependable protection.
Chain Armor
Armor made of woven chain.
Standard issue for ordinary soldiers.
Though plain in appearance, it offers dependable protection.
Chain Gauntlets
Gauntlets made of woven chain.
Standard issue for ordinary soldiers.
Though plain in appearance, they offer dependable protection.
Chain Leggings
Leggings made of woven chain.
Standard issue for ordinary soldiers.
Though plain in appearance, they offer dependable protection.
Greathelm
Sturdy greathelm made from iron.
Though it is uncomfortably heavy and obstructs the vision of the wearer, it provides considerable damage negation.
Eye Surcoat
Brown surcoat draped over chainmail.
The insignia emblazoned on the front marks out the wearer as the eyes and ears of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Tree Surcoat
Blue surcoat draped over chainmail.
The tree insignia emblazoned on the front depicts the Erdtree, and is a design beloved throughout the Lands Between.
Octopus Head
A land octopus whelp worn directly on the head.
Has a lingering warmth reminiscent of human skin.
Those who can withstand the smell will find its organic elasticity excellent for negating strikes.
Jar
Jar that fits cleanly over the head when upturned.
Made with pride by Iron Fist Alexander.
In a uniquely jarlike gesture of friendship, it boosts the power of throwing pot items.
Mushroom Head
Mushrooms found growing all over the body.
These overgrown mushrooms have colonized the head.
To those enraptured by the scarlet rot, they are holy vestments that root one to the earth.
Mushroom Body
Mushrooms found growing all over the body.
These overgrown mushrooms have colonized the torso.
To those enraptured by the scarlet rot, they are holy vestments that root one to the earth.
Mushroom Arms
Mushrooms found growing all over the body.
These overgrown mushrooms have colonized the arms.
To those enraptured by the scarlet rot, they are holy vestments that root one to the earth.
Mushroom Legs
Mushrooms found growing all over the body.
These overgrown mushrooms have colonized the legs.
To those enraptured by the scarlet rot, they are holy vestments that root one to the earth.
Nox Mirrorhelm
Helm fashioned from a crystal looking-glass.
One among the Eternal City's ritual implements.
Easily broken and weak against striking attacks.
Worn by those committed to high treason, it wards off the intervention of the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers.
Iji's Mirrorhelm
Helm fashioned from a crystal looking-glass, said to have never left War Counselor Iji's head.
Easily broken and weak against striking attacks.
Worn by those committed to high treason, it wards off the intervention of the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers.
Iji was afraid. Terrified of his own treachery.
Black Hood
Hood of lusterless black fabric that conceals its wearer's identity.
In this world, there is very little that must necessarily be known.
Leather Armor
Lightweight and battle-proven leather armor worn by a savvy soldier.
Many admire the wearer of this armor for his chivalrous and forthright spirit.
Leather Gloves
Lightweight and battle-proven leather gloves worn by a savvy soldier.
Many admire the wearer of this armor for his chivalrous and forthright spirit.
Leather Boots
Lightweight and battle-proven leather boots worn by a savvy soldier.
Many admire the wearer of this armor for his chivalrous and forthright spirit.
Bandit Mask
Mask of black cloth that covers the mouth.
Favored by bandits for hiding their faces, it also provides some protection against poison.
Knight Helm
Iron helm of an unknown knight.
It is made of thin iron plate.
Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation.
Knight Armor
Iron armor of an unknown knight.
It is made of thin iron plate.
Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation.
Knight Gauntlets
Iron gauntlets of an unknown knight.
It is made of thin iron plate.
Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation.
Knight Greaves
Iron greaves of an unknown knight.
It is made of thin iron plate.
Such metal armor is heavy, but provides considerable damage negation.
Greathood
Hood far larger than the head it is meant to cover.
A burial shroud of sorts for those who discover, at long last, the truth they sought.
Increases intelligence and faith to the detriment of HP.
"Yes, surely this is the moon that young Rennala gazed upon."
Godrick Soldier Helm
Helm worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Made from durable iron, layered with a chainmail coif beneath.
Tree-and-Beast Surcoat
Armor worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
The surcoat depicts the distant Erdtree and the beast regent, an emblem of the golden lineage.
Both are symbols of glory now past.
Godrick Soldier Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Godrick Soldier Greaves
Greaves worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Raya Lucarian Helm
Helm worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers.
Its brow is adorned with a single cuckoo's feather.
Cuckoo Surcoat
Armor worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers.
The surcoat depicts twinned cuckoos peering into a flourishing mass of glintstone.
To a glintstone sorcerer, the body is a transient thing. The Cuckoo alone knows its insignificance, yet watches over it all the same.
Raya Lucarian Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Raya Lucarian Greaves
Greaves worn by Raya Lucaria Academy soldiers.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Leyndell Soldier Helm
Helm worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Made from durable iron, layered with a chainmail coif beneath.
Erdtree Surcoat
Armor worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
The surcoat bears a majestic likeness of the Erdtree. Its golden backing is an honor bestowed on no other soldiers.
Leyndell Soldier Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Leyndell Soldier Greaves
Greaves worn by soldiers sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Radahn Soldier Helm
Helm worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side.
Its visor is fashioned after a lion's fangs.
Redmane Surcoat
Armor worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side.
The surcoat depicts a red-maned lion raising a sword in the image of Radahn. Thus, they were Redmanes, and all proved they were worthy of the name.
Radahn Soldier Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Radahn Soldier Greaves
Greaves worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Mausoleum Surcoat
Armor worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
The surcoat depicts the mausoleum bell, which rings in constant mourning for the soulless demigods.
Mausoleum Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Mausoleum Greaves
Greaves worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Haligtree Helm
Helm worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
An iron helm graced by a crown of unalloyed gold.
Increases faith.
Haligtree Crest Surcoat
Armor worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
The surcoat bears the crest of the Haligtree.
Though watered with Miquella's own blood since it was a sapling, the Haligtree ultimately failed to grow into an Erdtree.
Haligtree Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Haligtree Greaves
Greaves worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
Rust-worn and stained through unending conflict.
Gelmir Knight Helm
Helm worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard.
Its crest of red feathers symbolizes Rykard's pedigree as Lord Radagon's son.
Gelmir Knight Armor
Armor worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard.
It bears an emblem that none wear any longer, standing as it does for a lord that fell from lofty ambition into gluttonous depravity.
As the lord lost his dignity, so too did these knights lose their master.
Gelmir Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Gelmir Knight Greaves
Greaves worn by knights once loyal to Praetor Rykard.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Godrick Knight Helm
Helm worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Adorned with a plume of withered, ashen hair.
Godrick Knight Armor
Armor worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Its left breast is emblazoned with a two-headed war axe, an emblem of the golden lineage.
The knights surely boasted of their strength in days long gone.
Godrick Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Godrick Knight Greaves
Greaves worn by knights loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Cuckoo Knight Helm
Helm worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights.
Its brow is adorned with a single cuckoo's feather.
Cuckoo Knight Armor
Armor worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights.
Its left breast is emblazoned with a peering cuckoo, whence came their name.
Perhaps the bird's shrewd gaze is an expression of their refusal to be mere servants of the academy.
Cuckoo Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Cuckoo Knight Greaves
Greaves worn by Raya Lucaria Academy knights.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Leyndell Knight Helm
Helm worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
The golden canopy represents the honor of standing among the tree's defenders.
Leyndell Knight Armor
Armor worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Its left breast is emblazoned with a symbol of Erdtree Worship, said to have once been imbued with an incantation of protection.
Leyndell Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Leyndell Knight Greaves
Greaves worn by knights sworn to defend the royal capital of Leyndell.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Redmane Knight Helm
Helm worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side.
The red plume is a symbol of Radahn's pedigree as Lord Radagon's son—the mane of the proud Red Lion.
Redmane Knight Armor
Armor worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side.
When they were driven to defeat by Malenia's scarlet rot, the Redmane Knights burned the crest on the left breast of their armor to indicate their resolve.
"Alas, dear home, I shan't see you again! For our duty is to remain here, a bulwark against the blight."
Redmane Knight Gauntlets
Black iron gauntlets worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Redmane Knight Greaves
Black iron greaves worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side. Time has yet to dull their luster.
Mausoleum Knight Armor
Armor worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
The wing-shaped ornaments on its back evoke the Deathbird. A self-inflicted curse that ties the spirits of these loyal knights to the land, having willingly beheaded themselves so that they may serve their masters in death.
Mausoleum Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Mausoleum Knight Greaves
Greaves worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Haligtree Knight Helm
Helm worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree.
Graced by a crown of unalloyed gold.
Increases faith.
Haligtree Knight Armor
Armor worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree.
Its left breast is emblazoned with the crest of the Haligtree.
Though watered with Miquella's own blood since it was a sapling, the Haligtree ultimately failed to grow into an Erdtree.
Haligtree Knight Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Haligtree Knight Greaves
Greaves worn by knights sworn to the Haligtree.
Time has yet to dull their luster.
Foot Soldier Cap
Flanged iron cap widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Chain-Draped Tabard
Padded cloth armor with a chainmail shawl draped over the shoulders.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Foot Soldier Gauntlets
Metal gauntlets covered in nicks and dents.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Foot Soldier Greaves
Metal greaves that have already been mended countless times.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Foot Soldier Helmet
Helmet with a protective metal plate.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Foot Soldier Tabard
Padded cloth armor with more than a few stains.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Gilded Foot Soldier Cap
Flanged cap made from gilded iron.
Issued to foot soldiers protecting the royal capital of Leyndell.
Leather-Draped Tabard
Padded cloth armor with a leather shawl draped over the shoulders.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Foot Soldier Helm
Wholly unembellished iron helm.
Widely issued to foot soldiers in a lord's army.
Scarlet Tabard
Padded cloth armor with the telltale stains of the scarlet rot.
Worn by foot soldiers in General Radahn's army.
Bloodsoaked Tabard
Padded cloth armor with indelible bloodstains around the neck.
Worn by headless foot soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
Sacred Crown Helm
Flanged iron cap adorned with a crown of unalloyed gold.
Increases faith.
Worn by foot soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
Who is it that Miquella shall bless, if not the low and the meek?
Ivory-Draped Tabard
Padded cloth armor with a shawl in the color of ivory draped over the shoulders.
Worn by foot soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
Omensmirk Mask
Mask with long, hideously twisted horns worn by the Omenkillers.
Increases strength.
Bears the smirking face of an elder, twisted in wicked delight.
This visage is carved in the image of the evil spirits that haunt the Omen in their nightmares.
Omenkiller Robe
Robe worn by the Omenkillers, butchers of twisted conscience.
Its thick apron is worn in remembrance of Rollo, the progenitor of the Omenkillers and a perfumer of antiquity.
Omenkiller Long Gloves
Long, stiff leather gloves worn by the Omenkillers.
Omenkiller Boots
Stiff leather boots worn by the Omenkillers.
Ash-of-War Scarab
Gray scarab worn directly on the head.
These scarabs roll clumps of Ashes of War during their labors.
Slightly reduces the FP cost of skills, but increases damage taken.
Incantation Scarab
Golden scarab worn directly on the head.
These scarabs roll clumps of incantations during their labors.
Slightly reduces the FP costs of incantations, but increases damage taken.
As a scarab approaches death, it abandons its rolled treasure and stretches its wings wide for the long journey to its home nest.
Glintstone Scarab
Blue-green scarab worn directly on the head.
These scarabs roll clumps of sorcery during their labors.
Slightly reduces the FP costs of sorceries, but increases damage taken.
Crimson Tear Scarab
Red scarab worn directly on the head.
The red scarabs roll clumps of crimson tears during their labors.
Slightly increases the recovery effects of the Flask of Crimson Tears, but increases damage taken.
Cerulean Tear Scarab
Blue scarab worn directly on the head.
These scarabs roll clumps of cerulean tears during their labors.
Slightly increases the recovery effects of the Flask of Cerulean Tears, but increases damage taken.
Deathbed Dress
Extremely thin and sheer white dress worn by the Deathbed Companion as she embraces the dead.
Slowly replenishes the HP of nearby allies, but not that of the wearer.
The touch of the fabric is exceedingly soft, so as not to harm even the most withered corpse, while still sharing her warmth.
Deathbed Smalls
Skirt worn by Phia, the Deathbed Companion.
Fia's Hood
Hood of black cloth that covers the whole head.
Worn by Fia, the Deathbed Companion, on her journey after being exiled from her home.
The fabric itself is soft as silk.
Fia's Robe
Robe of black cloth that covers the entire body.
Worn by Fia, the Deathbed Companion, on her journey after being exiled from her home.
The fabric itself is soft as silk and thin enough that those embraced can feel every pulse; every bit of her warmth.
Highwayman Hood
Hideously stained and ragged hood.
Worn by former foot soldiers who have turned to banditry.
Highwayman Cloth Armor
Hideously stained and ragged cloth armor.
Worn by former foot soldiers who have turned to banditry.
Highwayman Gauntlets
Hideously stained and dented gauntlets.
Worn by former foot soldiers who have turned to banditry.
High Page Hood
Hood of a page selected for special privileges by the noble they serve.
The unassuming sack-like appearance befits their unseen and unknown stature.
High Page Clothes
Clothes of a page selected for special privileges by the noble they serve.
Traveling wear tailored with exquisite precision, to avoid any undue shame for the page's master.
Rotten Duelist Helm
Bronze helm decorated with innumerable snakes, eaten through by scarlet rot.
Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum.
The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes.
Rotten Gravekeeper Cloak
Thick, bristly cloak eaten through by scarlet rot.
The symbol of an underground gravekeeper's station.
Rotten Duelist Greaves
Greaves wrapped with bronze snakes, eaten through by scarlet rot.
Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum.
The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes.
Rotten Gravekeeper Cloak (Altered)
Cloak wrapped with bronze snakes, eaten through by scarlet rot.
Worn by gladiators who were driven from the colosseum.
The wearer becomes a slightly easier target for foes.
Mushroom Crown
Mushrooms found growing all over the body.
These overgrown mushrooms form a towering headpiece.
Raises attack power when something nearby suffers from poison or rot.
Long ago, great lords served the scarlet rot. Perhaps such fungal bodies served as their crowns.
Black Dumpling
Mask forced on a victim's head to lend torture an extra degree of cruelty.
It magnifies one's fears and makes them acutely aware of all forms of pain.
Raises attack power when the wearer suffers from madness.
When the Black Dumpling goes on, the torturer no longer seeks answers; only to inflict suffering without hope of relief.
Lazuli Robe
Robe worn by scholars of the Lazuli Conspectus, singular among the greater Raya Lucaria Academy.
These scholars, who sought to master Carian sorcery, instead learned to see the moon as equal to the stars.
This robe, in the hue of the full moon, signifies their heresy.
Stone mask of a Green Glintstone Sage.
This mask is broken, its glintstone fractured.
TalkMsg.fmg
(dummyText)
(dummyText)  
Section 01
The Tarnished will soon return.
Guided by Grace once lost.
The Golden Order is broken to its core.
They will fight. And they will die. In an unending curse.
For how else is a champion, or a lord, to be born?
Brandish the Elden Ring.
...for all of us.
The fallen leaves have spoken.
Of the return of the Tarnished. To the Lands Between.  
0100
Section 00
Elden Ring, O, Elden Ring.
Shaper of life, arbiter of fate.
Lord of the very stars above.
Tarnished warrior, spurned by the grace of gold.
Seek that which hath been lost to thee.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Seek the Elden Ring!  
0110
Section 00
Brave Tarnished. Mighty warriors, who fought at my side.
Await the summons. It will call to thee one day.
Heed the fading grace. Listen to the Fingers.
Gold commandeth the very stars,
giving life its fullest brilliance.
Elden Ring, O, Elden Ring.
Be ready, once it is shattered.
Seek the Elden Ring, O Tarnished.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Become Lord. Enact thy will!  
Section 01
Seek the Elden Ring!  
0120
Section 00
Long ago, ye Tarnished lost something most dear.
The Elden Ring. O Elden Ring.
Its gold commanded the very stars,
giving life its fullest brilliance.
Though shattered, it yet guides thy kin.
Though fractured, it yet guides thy kin.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
Hoarah Roux, the Gold Mask.
Lady Yuliya, the Deathbed Companion.
The hideous Dung Eater.
And Sir Gideon Orphnier, the All-knowing.  
Section 01
Each coveteth the Elden Ring.
But their ambitions are yet unmet.
Surely thou hast thine own design?
Then implore the Two Fingers, for guidance.
Across the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
To face the Elden Ring.
To stand before the Elden Ring.
Face the Elden Ring.
And reclaim what was thine.  
0130
Section 00
Elden Ring, O Elden Ring.
Its gold commanded the very stars,
giving life its fullest brilliance.
Shattered, by someone, or something.
Fractured, by someone, or something.
Godrick, the feeble.
Malenia, decayed from birth.
General Radahn, slayer of giants.
Rykard, the tyrannical serpent.
And Morgott, Prince of the Omen.
Each, inheriting their own shard, played a part in the Shattering,  
Section 01
a war with no end, and no victor.
And so the Two Fingers call upon ye, the Tarnished.
To cross the Sea of Fog, to the Lands Between.
To seek the Elden Ring.
Seek the Elden Ring.  
0140
Section 00
The fallen leaves tell a story.
The great Elden Ring was shattered.
In our home, across the fog, the Lands Between.
Now, Queen Marika the Eternal is nowhere to be found,
and in the Night of the Black Knives, Godwyn the Golden was first to perish.
Soon, Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring.
The mad taint of their newfound strength triggered the Shattering.
A war from which no lord arose.
A war leading to abandonment by the Greater Will.  
0150
Section 00
Arise now, ye Tarnished.
Ye dead, who yet live.
The call of long-lost grace speaks to us all.
Hoarah Loux, chieftain of the badlands.
The ever-brilliant Goldmask.
Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
The loathsome Dung Eater.
And Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-knowing.  
0160
Section 00
It happened an age ago.
But when I recall, I see it true.
On a night of wint'ry fog.
The Rune of Death was stolen,
And the demigods began to fall, starting with Godwyn the Golden.
Queen Marika was driven to the brink.
The Elden Ring was broken,
triggering the Shattering, an internecine war between demigods.
The conqueror of the stars, General Radahn.
And the Blade of Miquella, Malenia the Severed.  
Section 01
These two were the mightiest to remain, and locked horns in combat.
But there would be no victor.
And so, we inhabit a fractured world.
Awaiting the arrival of the Elden Lord.
Unless of course, thou shouldst take the crown?  
0165
Section 00
It happened an age ago.
But when I recall, I see it true.
On a night of wint'ry fog.
Bearers of Black Knives stole into the dark.
And the demigods began to fall, starting with Godwyn the Golden.
Queen Marika was driven to the brink.
The Shattering ensued; a war that wrought only darkness.
The Elden Ring was broken, but by whom? And why?
What could the Demigods ever hope to win by warring?
The conqueror of the stars, General Radahn.  
Section 01
And the Blade of Miquella, Malenia the Severed.
These two were the mightiest to remain, and locked horns in combat.
But why was there no victor?
And so, we inhabit a fractured world.
Awaiting the arrival of the Elden Lord.
Unless of course, thou shouldst take the crown?  
0200
Section 10
You think this is the one, Torrent?
Is that him, Torrent?
Is that her, Torrent?
Don't worry, it's not too late.
He is sure to seek the Elden Ring.
She is sure to seek the Elden Ring.
...For that is their curse.  
Section 15
Don't worry Torrent, fortune is on his side.
Don't worry Torrent, fortune is on her side.
We found him here, after all.
We found her here, after all.
One of his kind is sure to seek the Elden Ring.
One of her kind is sure to seek the Elden Ring.
...Even if it does violate the Golden Order...  
Section 30
Foul Tarnished,
In search of the Elden Ring.
Emboldened by the flame of ambition.
Hrah!
Someone must extinguish thy flame.
Let it be Margit the Fell!  
Section 40
Mighty dragon, thou'rt a trueborn heir.
Lend me thy strength, o kindred.
Deliver me unto greater heights.
...Well.
A lowly Tarnished,
playing as a lord.
I command thee, kneel!
I am the lord of all that is golden!  
Section 50
 
Ahh, truest of dragons.
Lend me thy strength...
Nnngh! 
Forefathers, one and all...
Great King Godfrey...
Bear witness!  
Section 70
It's been a long while, Morgott.
Long and hard didst thou fight.
Tarnished Warrior.
Spurned by the grace of gold.
Be assured, the Elden Ring
resteth close at hand.
Alas, I am returned.
To be granted audience once more.
Upon my name as Godfrey,
The first Elden Lord!  
Section 80
Nngh!
That will be all.
Thou didst me good service, Serosh.
I've given thee courtesy enough.
Rrraaargh!
Now I fight as Hoarah Loux!
Warrior!  
0201
Section 40
Dearest Miquella.
You must abide alone a while.
No one else will take you.
Never again, I swear!  
Section 45
Welcome, honoured guest.
To the birthplace of our dynasty!  
0202
Section 10
Foul Tarnished.
Graceless Tarnished.
What is thy business with these thrones?
Ahh...
Godrick the Golden.
The twin prodigies, Miquella and Malenia.
General Radahn.
Praetor Rykard.
Lunar Princess Ranni.
Wilful traitors, all.  
Section 11
Thy kind are all of a piece.
Pillagers, come seeking vengeance upon the Erdtree.
Pillagers. Emboldened by the flame of ambition.
Ngh!
Have it writ upon thy meagre grave:
Felled by King Morgott! Last of all kings.  
Section 30
 
O, Death.
O Destined Death...
Become my blade, once more.
 
Section 40
Ahh, art thou come to be born anew?
Be not afraid, there is no pain...
Section 45
Hush, little culver.
Hush, fair maid.
I'll soon birth thee anew, a sweeting fresh and pure...  
Section 50
Ahh, my beloved...
Have no fear, I will hold thee. Patience...
Ye will be countless born, forever and ever.
Ye will be countless, born, forever.
Defiler of mother's rich slumber.
Upon my name as Ranni the
Witch, thou wilt not go
unpunished.
After death, quite the tale will be
thine to tell.
Of the last Queen of Caria,
Rennala of the Full Moon.
And the majesty of the night
she conjureth.  
Section 55
Ahh, my sweet children...
Have no fear, I will hold thee. Patience...
Ye will be countless born, forever and ever.
Upon my name as Ranni the Witch.
Mother's rich slumber shall not be
disturbed by thee.
Foul trespasser.
Send word far and wide.
Of the last Queen of Caria,
Rennala of the Full Moon.
And the majesty of the night
she conjureth.  
Section 60
I dreamt for so long.
My flesh was dull gold...and my blood, rotted.
Corpse after corpse, left in my wake...
As I awaited...his return.
...Heed my words.
I am Malenia.
Blade of Miquella.
And I have never known defeat.  
Section 65
Sweet Tarnished...
Dearest companion...
Did you not heed my warning?
Your greed knows no end.
You would steal the last drop of warmth from his empty frame?
After all you've taken, you still want more?
Then you will have to kill me.
I am Malenia, Sword of Miquella.
And I have never known defeat.  
Section 70
My dear twin, accept this gift.
A gift of abundance, my last drop of dew.
Let all things flourish,
whether graceful, or malign.  
Section 75
Wait.
The scarlet bloom flowers once more.
You will witness true horror.
Now, rot!  
Section 90
Farewell, then.
May your visit be fruitful.  
0203
Section 00
Hmm...
Very well.
You...
A fitting sacrifice you shall be, for the Serpent King.
Join the Serpent King, as family...
And devour the gods with me!
Together, we will devour the very gods!  
Section 90
 
   
Section 91
General Radahn is cursed ever to wander.
Before we begin, allow me to paint you the full picture.
Eaten from the inside, by Malenia's scarlet rot, his wits are long gone.
Now he gathers the corpses of former friends and foes alike, gorging on them, like a dog.
Howling at the sky.  
0204
Section 30
O Erdtree, you shall burn.
Burn, for the sake of the new Lord.
Thank you. For guiding me here.
The one who walks alongside flame,
Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death.
Good-bye.
I hope you will become Lord. Lord of each and all.  
Section 50
Aaargh! Aargh!
Nngghaa!
Argh!
Section 80
Now wilt ye serve, each and all.
The Elden Lord is crowned.
The new Elden Lord,
steward of a fracturing world.
And so beginneth the age of fracture...  
Section 81
The fallen leaves tell a story.
Of how a Tarnished, of no renown, became Elden Lord.  
Section 82
The fallen leaves tell a story.
Of how a Tarnished became Elden Lord.
In our home, across the fog, the Lands Between.  
Section 83
Our seed will look back upon us, and recall.
An Age of Fracture.  
Section 84
Our seed will look back upon us, and recall.
The Age of Order.
The Age Absolute.  
Section 85
Our seed will look back upon us, and recall.
The Age of the Duskborn  
Section 86
Our seed will look back upon us, and recall.
The reviled curse that defined our age.
The Blessing of Despair.  
Section 90
...The battle is over, I see.
I do solemnly swear.
To every living being, and every living soul.
Now cometh the age of the stars.
A thousand year voyage
under the wisdom of the Moon.
Here beginneth the chill night that encompasses all, reaching the great beyond.
Into fear, doubt, and loneliness...
As the path stretcheth into darkness...
Well then. Shall we?
My fair consort, eternal.  
Section 95
...The battle is over, I see.
...All matters are settled, then.
I do solemnly swear.
To all the hearts that remain in thy thrall.
To all life, and the souls harboured therein.
Now comes the age of the mind.
A thousand year voyage,
governed by the wisdom of the Moon.
All shall be encompassed, in a still and silent night, unending.
And thought shall turn to fear,
emptiness, life...
And a path stretching into the darkness...
Let us go, together.
My dear consort, eternal.  
0205
Section 00
Lord of Frenzied Flame...
I will seek you, as far as you may travel...
To deliver you what is yours.
Destined Death.  
Section 40
Young seedling, young seedling.
Return to the bosom of earth.
But remember well,
Thou'rt mine.
So shall I give of myself. This is for thee.
Mine abundance, my drop of dew.
Quench thy thirst, throughout thy frame.
Blossom and burgeon, time and again.
Grow larger, stronger.
Until the day cometh.  
Section 41
When thou canst share in my dream.
Elden Ring, O Elden Ring.
Beget Order most elegant, from my tender reverie.  
Section 60
If thou covetest the throne,
Impress my vision upon thine heart.
In the new world of thy making,
all things will flourish,
whether graceful, or malign.  
Section 80
Greetings.
Traveller from beyond the Fog.
I am Melina.
I offer you an accord.  
0206
Section 40
And one other. Whom grace would again bless.
A Tarnished of no renown.
Cross the fog, to the Lands Between.
to stand before the Elden Ring.
And become the Elden Lord.  
0207
Section 00
The Rune of Death is unbound.
Black flames have devoured the Erdtree,
and the Lands Between are shrouded by Death's dark fate.
But the flames will also burn the impenetrable thorns.
Farewell it is, then.
You'll be Elden Lord, yet.  
Section 30
Well, if you really are that gullible...
Ngh!
then stay away from the Volcano Manor!
Bye now!
Take care!  
Section 50
Lord host, I could not be more content.
I found knowledge, and then found someone. That someone was you.
And now, inside you, here I am...  
Section 70
Well well well?
I should have known, you scheming little thief.
The gods demand vengeance. Vengeance!  
Section 80
He he he he he...
My sincerest gratitude. I thought I'd never wrench that thing open.
You're the finest customer a man ever had!  
0208
Section 30
 
This is how you die, you disgusting Tarnished.
Don't worry, I've got big plans for you. After you snuff it...  
Section 40
   
Section 50
   
Section 60
 
(explained above)
Unleash it upon them! A cursed blessing to all!
(scream of pain)  
Melina
Section 10
Have you heard of the Finger Maidens?
They serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance, and aid, to the Tarnished.
But you, I am afraid, are maidenless.
I can play the role of maiden.
Turning runes into strength.
To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring.
You need only take me with you.
To the foot of the Erdtree.  
Section 11
Then it's settled.
Summon me by grace to turn runes into strength.
Ahh, another matter.
I bequeath to you this ring.
Use it to traverse great distances.
It will summon a spectral steed named Torrent.
Torrent has chosen you.
Treat him with respect.  
Section 12
I understand. I'm asking you to put faith in but a stranger.
Yet I'm certain that we can reach an understanding.
Summon me by grace if you should reconsider.  
Section 13
Have you reconsidered my offer?  
Section 20
Shall I turn your runes to strength?
Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.  
Section 21
   
Section 22
Phew. It is done.  
Section 30
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree.
This light once shone in the eyes of your Tarnished brethren.
But now it is all that guides you. Or so I hear.
You can see them, can't you?
The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.  
Section 31
Me?
I'm searching.
For my purpose, given to me by my mother inside the Erdtree, long ago.
For the reason that I yet live, burned and bodiless.
There is something for which I must apologise.
I've acted the Finger Maiden, yet can offer no guidance.
I am no maiden. My purpose…was long ago lost.  
Section 32
Upon the cliff, in Castle Stormveil, is a shardbearer.
A demigod who inherited a fragment of the shattered Elden Ring.
If the rays of grace signal the castle,
then the Elden Ring beckons you.
As an ally by pact,
...I pray that you are fit...
To face the challenge presented by the Ring.  
Section 40
Spoken echoes linger here.
Words of Queen Marika, who vanished long ago.
If you wish, I will share them with you.  
Section 41
Very well. In Marika's own words.
My Lord, and thy warriors. I divest each of thee of thy grace.
With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between.
Ye will wage war in a land afar, where ye will live, and die.
Well? Perhaps that might serve you in lieu of a maiden's guidance.  
Section 42
Of course. Perhaps there is no need.
Tell me if you should change your mind.  
Section 43
Spoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here, as well.
Shall I share them with you?  
Section 44
In Marika's own words.
Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed.
Return to the Lands Between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring.
Grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord. Lord Godfrey.  
Section 45
In Marika's own words.
The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine.
Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it.
To wallow at the fringes; a powerless upstart.  
1001
Section 01
In Marika's own words.
Hear me, Demigods. My children beloved.
Make of thyselves that which ye desire. Be it a Lord. Be it a God.
But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken.
Amounting only to sacrifices...  
Section 02
In Marika's own words.
O Radagon, leal hound of the Golden Order.
Thou'rt yet to become me. Thou'rt yet to become a god.
Let us be shattered, both. Mine other self.  
Section 03
In Marika's own words.
I declare mine intent, to search the depths of the Golden Order.
Through understanding of the proper way, our faith, our grace, is increased.
Those blissful early days of blind belief are long past.
My comrades; why must ye falter?  
Section 04
In Marika's own words.
Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds.
Guidance hath delivered ye through each ordeal, to the place ye stand.
Put the Giants to the sword, and confine the flame atop the mount.
Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life.
Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree!  
Section 05
Forgive me. I've been...testing you.
To see whether or not grace truly does guide you.
And...whether you are fit to face the challenge that entails.
It seems my worries were unfounded.
Torrent had your measure from the very start.
Whereas I merely pretended.
There is but one other thing I can do to offer you guidance.
I can take you to the Roundtable Hold...
Gathering place of Tarnished champions, guided by Grace...  
Section 06
Very well.
Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.  
Section 07
Forgive me. I've been...testing you.
To determine if the Elden Ring would truly have you.
If you had the mettle to endure this long and arduous path.
It seems my worries were unfounded.
Torrent had your measure from the very start.
Whereas I merely pretended.
There is but one other thing I can do to offer you guidance.
I can take you to the Roundtable Hold...
Gathering place of Tarnished champions, guided by Grace...  
Section 10
Your seamster, Boc...
He is always eager to see your return.
Please, will you talk to him, when you can?
I'm sure he would be much contented.  
Section 11
Your seamster, Boc...
I see him crying, from time to time.
I think he misses his mother.
He wants someone to tell him he's beautiful.
Does being born of a mother...
Mean one behaves in such a manner?  
Section 20
...
Is there...another person inside of you?
Did you...want that to happen?
I sense no malice. Do as you think best.
Hello, other you.
I am Melina, and I have an accord with this person.
We might be together for some time.
Pleased to meet you.  
Section 21
...
Is there...another person inside of you?
Did you...want that to happen?
I sense no malice. Do as you think best.
Hello, other you.
I am Melina, and I am travelling with this person.
We might be together for some time.
Pleased to meet you.  
Section 30
The Erdtree...is close.
Only a little further till the foot of the Erdtree, and the accord is fulfilled.
It takes me back.
I was born at the foot of the Erdtree.
Where mother gave me my purpose.
Though now, everything is lost to me.
I...have to ascertain for myself.
The reason for which I live, burned and bodiless.  
Section 31
My utmost thanks.
For bringing me to the base of the Erdtree.
Here, I can govern my own movement.
And thus, the accord is fulfilled.
I shall depart to ascertain the purpose I was given.
Farewell.
I shall leave Torrent, and the power to turn runes into strength, here with you.
I wish you luck, in realising your ambition.
You have fought long and hard.
I have no doubt you will become Elden Lord. May you take the throne.  
Section 40
Hello again, old friend.
It's me, Melina. Your travelling companion.
Allow me a moment to converse with you.
You were unable to enter the Erdtree, no?
Prevented by the mantle of barbs.
The thorns are impenetrable.
A husk of the Erdtree's being; that spurns all that exists without.
The only way to stand before the Elden Ring...
and become the Elden Lord...is to pass the thorns.
My purpose serves to aid in that very act.
So I'd like you to undertake a new journey, with me.
To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy mountaintops of the giants.
Then I can set the Erdtree aflame.
And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord.  
Section 41
I wish to journey with you once more.
To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy mountaintops of the giants.
Then I can set the Erdtree aflame.
And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord.  
Section 50
Think not, of the kindling.
I shall see to that.
All I ask of you is to make the journey.
To the snowy mountaintops of the giants, far above the clouds.
I know...
I'm asking you to commit a cardinal sin.
But it must be done to reach the path beyond.
And that is the path I wish to travel.
What is your mind?  
Section 60
There is something I'd like to say.
My purpose was given to me by my mother.
But now, I act of my own volition.
I have set my heart upon the world that I would have.
Regardless of my mother's designs.
I won't allow anyone to speak ill of that.
Not even you.  
Section 70
We're almost there.
The flame of ruin lies just ahead.
I'm glad it was you I travelled with.
I must tender my thanks to Torrent, too.
Thank you, Torrent.
Please continue to lend your aid. Till the end.  
Section 71
I have long observed the Lands Between.
This world is in dire need of repair...
and Death...indiscriminate...
Are you prepared...
To commit a cardinal sin?  
Section 72
Very well.
Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.  
Section 73
Very well.
Tell me, when you are fully prepared.  
Section 74
Are you ready to commit a cardinal sin?  
Section 80
If you intend to claim the frenzied flame,
I ask that you cease.
It is not to be meddled with.
It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending.
However ruined this world has become, however mired in torment and despair...
Life endures. Births continue.
There is beauty in that, is there not?
If you would become Lord, do not deny this notion.
Please, leave the frenzied flame alone.  
Section 81
I shall see to the kindling.
It is a purpose which I choose to fulfil.
So, please... Leave the frenzied flame alone.  
Section 82
The frenzied flame is not to be meddled with.
It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending.
So, please... Leave the frenzied flame alone.  
Section 85
I ask you, one more time.
Please, seek not the frenzied flame.
As one who strives to become a Lord,
deny not the lives, the new births of this world.
Those who would are not fit to be called Lord.
When the land they preside over is lifeless.  
Section 86
Please, put a stop to this madness.
The Lord of Frenzied Flame is no lord at all.
When the land they preside over is lifeless.  
Section 90
You...have inherited the frenzied flame.
A pity. You are no longer fit.
Our accord ends here.
But remember...
Should you rise, as the Lord of Chaos,
I will kill you, as sure as night follows day.
Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes.
Goodbye, my companion.
Goodbye, Torrent...  
Section 91
You...have inherited the frenzied flame.
A pity. You are no longer fit.
Our journey together ends here.
And remember...
Should you rise as the Lord of Chaos,
I will kill you, as sure as night follows day.
Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes.
Goodbye, my companion.
Goodbye, Torrent...  
1009
Section 00
 
   
1010
Section 01
You, please, I can read them.
Your fingers, please, your fingers...  
Section 02
Oh, bless you.
Oh..ohh!
Within the fog, a gaping hole. Beyond the fog, one cursed by blood.
Below the surface, traces of those who lurk in the shadows.
In the east, the east. Should you desire…  
Section 03
Oh, bless you.
Oh..ohh!
...
Heavens, how can this be!
A dreadful sign! Truly dreadful!
You will face wrath, then madness, and finally, chaos.
Turn back.
This is a path you must forsake.
Dread awaits you in the south. Blackest dread!  
Section 10
Dragon slayer...
Ohhh, dragon slayer...
You unfeeling barbarian.
Planning to feast? On dragon?
At an abandoned church on that wee isle.
You would devour the heart of an ancient?
You wretched, undeserving brute!  
Section 50
Oh, bless you.
Oh..ohh!
Head to the foundation of gold, Tarnished...
Traverse Raya Lucaria; "Glintstone Eventide"…
…and reunite the half crescents, at the Grand Lift.
Oh, but the bridge is collapsed, and cannot be crossed.
Only, why should that matter!
Stormveil Castle still stands tall!  
Section 60
Oh, bless you.
Oh..ohh!
...
Miquella's favour can be yours…
Slaughter, slaughter, slaughter... The all-hearing slaughtered, but alas, it was for naught.
But all you need do, is snatch it from the big pot.
...
Pity the poor, poor fool!  
Section 70
Oh, bless you.
Oh..ohh!
...
…Are you one for festivals? Or flowers?
To the South, a grand festival to make the stars turn.
To the East, the hardened bud of a flower to be.
But dare you enter?
Into the heart of the scarlet rot?
Ah...ahhh...  
Section 80
What a pity it is, to be without the right.
All you can do is stand, at a loss.
Without even the half crescents that wish to be whole.
Before the unmoving, unfeeling Grand Lift ahead.
...
Or, are you planning to throw yourself to the waters?
To find the coward's passage, through the dim cavern?
What a pity it is, to be without the right.  
Section 81
Oh, bless you...
Bless you...
...
You. The one who holds both half crescents.
Take the path to the Grand Lift ahead.
For you...are the one who will be Lord.
...
Bear witness, one and all! The Lord is returned!
The Elden Lord is come again!  
Section 90
Oh, bless you...
Oh..ohh!
...
To the east...ruins of gold. To the west...the serpent's sacrilege.
Wherever the path leads, so shall you follow.
Wherever the path leads, only more sorrow.
Tis a curse! A curse! The curse of Queen Marika!
Ah...ahh... Ha...ha...  
1011
Section 00
The Fingers I served once prophesied...
A Tarnished would one day become Elden Lord and restore the Golden Order.
...
Surely you see it, too?
The gold that enshrouds the heavens. The great tree which begets the pillars of light.
O Tarnished, hasten to the foot of the tree.
...
And whatever you might face...
The Fingers will surely guide you...  
Section 10
Turn back.
Ahead lies the Land of the Giants' Flame.
And the way forth is forbidden.
...
Hear me. The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin.
Doing so will unbind Destined Death, and slay the world itself.
...
Who would dare put you up to such a task?
Most certainly not the Fingers!  
Section 20
Ohh...
Oh, Lord Godwyn...
Such cruelty, such humiliation...
My poor, sweet lordling should have died a true death.
As the first of the demigods to die.
As a martyr to Destined Death.
But why must it yet bring such disgrace?
A scion of the golden bough, sentenced to live in Death...
How could such a thing come to be...
Section 21
Ohh...
Oh, Lord Godwyn...
My poor, sweet lordling should have died a true death.
A scion of the golden bough, sentenced to live in Death...
How could such a thing come to be...
1018
Section 00
Ha, ha, ha!  
Section 01
A curse! A curse upon you!
Your path leads only to death!  
Section 02
You godless brute.
You'll soil your hands soon enough.
With mortal sin!  
Finger Reader Enia
Section 01
Are you that new Tarnished?
You've done well. I am Enia, the Finger Reader.
I interpret the words of the Fingers, envoys to the Greater Will.
Look there. The Fingers tremble. To welcome you, shardbearer.
Let their wisdom wash over you.
"Great Elden Ring, root of the Golden Order."
"Anchor of all lands, giver of grace, wellspring of all joy."
"Until it was shattered."
"The tragic corruption of the Order has taken its toll."
"Across the realm, life lies in ruin. Fallen to pieces."
"Foul curses and misery spread, unabating."
"But the Greater Will has not abandoned the realm, nor the life that inhabits it."
"So it is that the Tarnished are guided by grace. Called to act."
"Brave Tarnished, your Great Rune is a handsome shard of the Elden Ring."
"Seek another of its kind."
"To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order."
Let the words of the Fingers guide you.  
Section 02
Ahh, Great Runes are the stuff of demigods;
the children of the goddess, Queen Marika. She who is vessel of the Elden Ring.
Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord.
And so grace was extended, to your kind, the Tarnished.
Listen, the Fingers speak.
"The Greater Will has long renounced the demigods."
"Tarnished, show no mercy. Have their heads. Take all they have left."
"The Fingers have willed it so."
...Indeed. But remember one thing.
The demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika.
Godrick the Grafted was but a distant relation...
The runt of the litter, his divine blood sorely diluted.  
Section 03
Well, well… I see…
A remembrance of gold has found its way into your possession.
Demigods, and even the greater of the champions,
are hewn by the Erdtree upon their end, into remembrances.
They are…valuable indeed.
These remembrances yet house the power of their former masters.
And should you wish to wield that same power, well…
I will lend you the strength of the Fingers.
Heh… Do not recoil from my offer.
The Fingers guide us all. And you Tarnished, you are here to take, are you not?  
Section 04
Ah. You have returned. What is it?  
Section 05
Now, go forth.
Let the words of the Fingers guide you.  
Section 10
I had my doubts, but...my, look at you.
Only once before have I seen two Great Runes together.
Look there. The Fingers shudder with exuberance.
"Fine work, brave Tarnished. The Greater Will is pleased."
"You have earned the right to become Elden Lord."
"Now, seek the Erdtree, and an audience with Queen Marika."
"To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order."
The Fingers expect...
As much from you as they do young Gideon.
Take this. A token of farewell.  
Section 11
Now, go forth.
Become Elden Lord.  
Section 12
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision.
A god, in truth.
But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree.
A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood.
The Fingers speak...
"Marika's trespass demanded a heavy sentence."
"But even in shackles, she remains a god, and the vision's vessel."
"Confer Great Runes to become Elden Lord, and join Queen Marika as her consort."
"The Fingers have willed it so."
Now, you may go.  
Section 20
Well, you managed to return.
You know what this means. The Erdtree has spurned you.
The Fingers remain still.
Shaken by this turn of events, they are busy consulting the Greater Will.
When they are finished, the Fingers will again offer their guidance.
But thousands, if not tens of thousands, of moons must first pass.
No matter for me. But you? How will you ever manage the wait...
My, oh, my...  
Section 21
It may be thousands upon thousands of moons before the fingers again offer their guidance.
My, oh, my. Whatever will you do…  
Section 30
Heavens forbid...
That is not the domain of mere men.
The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin. And you say you seek the power of the Rune of Death, too?
The Rune of Death goes by two names; the other is Destined Death.
The forbidden shadow, plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation…
Unleashing the rune now would be unthinkable...
The Fingers would never permit it. Nor would the Greater Will.
...
But here we are...
The Fingers, dormant, severing our link to the Greater Will.
The realm, and all life, in ruins. Impossible events transpire, beyond the ken of the Fingers.
Who is to say that the cardinal sin must be cardinal forever?
Go on. Finish the job.
Take the course you deem most worthy.  
Section 31
You must find kindling.
Only the smoldering flame in the Great Forge of the Giants, on the highest peak in the Lands Between, can burn the Erdtree.
But special kindling is required to reignite the flame.
For the flame to burn the Erdtree, a sacrifice is needed. Of one who envisions the flame.
And can lead you to the Rune of Death.  
Section 40
You've done it, I see.
What use do you have for me, now?
I am a Finger Reader. I will remain here, until their dialogue ends, and the Fingers speak again.
Do as you please. Take whatever course seems most worthy to you.
Now, you may go.  
Section 41
Heh, heh, heh.
You'd force this tired old crone to work, even now?
A harder taskmaster have I never met.  
Section 42
Don't worry, my dear.
I'll see it to the end with you, if it please.  
Section 43
Now, go forth.
Do what you believe is right.  
1021
Section 00
Oh, such a fine gift, I will gladly accept.
But don't raise your hopes;
I have no secrets for you to plunder.
I lost my appetite for them a lifetime ago, or more.  
Section 01
Ranni the Witch
Section 01
A pleasure to meet thee, Tarnished.
I am the witch Renna.
I'd heard tell of a Tarnished hurtling about atop a spectral steed.
And upon looking into the matter,
the talk, I surmise, is of thee.
Thou'rt possessed of the power, no?
To call forth the spectral steed named Torrent.  
Section 02
Ah. As I had hoped.
I was entrusted this, for thee.
By Torrent's former master.
Tis a bell for calling forth spirits.
Summon them with it, from ash unreturned to the Erdtree.
The spirits will obey thine command but briefly, as they recall battles past.
Now it is thine. To do with as thou wishest.  
Section 03
Forgive mine intrusion, Tarnished.
I doubt we shall again meet. But all the same, learn well the Lands Between.
How long will it be, I wonder...
Before the Tarnished tire of obeisance to the Two Fingers?
...  
Section 04
This way, Tarnished.
May I have a word?  
Section 10
Trifle not with me, Tarnished.
Or didst thou merely forget?
The name of the spectral steed thou callest?  
Section 11
I will ask thee again.
Thou'rt possessed of the power, no?
To call forth the spectral steed named Torrent.  
Section 12
Quite the stubborn one, aren't we?
Wise, in a way. The Lands Between are home to liars and cheats aplenty.
Perhaps thine ample mistrust will be to thy benefit.
I shall leave this for thee, at the behest of Torrent's former master.
Take it, shouldst thou overcome thy suspicion.
...  
Section 20
What hopest thou to profit?
...
No sense in arguing, I see.
Thou'rt a wild one, indeed.
Torrent hath quite the ruffian chosen...
...  
Section 30
Let us speak of the past, a while.
I was once an Empyrean.
Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title.
Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age.
But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers.
I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away.
I would not be controlled by that thing.
The Two Fingers and I have been cursing each other ever since...
And the Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.  
Renna the Witch
Section 01
Oh, again we cross paths.
I believe I said my name was Renna, when last we met.
It pleaseth me to see Torrent hale and hearty...
But Tarnished, what business hast thou here?
I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.  
Section 02
Mm? a Tarnished, here?
Thou must have some business in mind, to come all this way.
Though I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.  
Section 10
I see. Quite the sleuth, aren't we.
Indeed, I am the witch Ranni.
I stole a fragment of the Rune of Death, and used it to forge the godslaying black knives through fearsome rite.
I did it all.
But sadly for thee, the cursemark thou seekest is not to be found here.
I have slain the body I was born into, and cast it away.
And it is upon that flesh the cursemark is carved.  
Section 11
Hah!
And why should I reveal that to thee?
I performed the act not to bury the past, nor in shame of the deed,
but all the same, thy begging compels me not a jot.
The cursemark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say.
Now, begone.  
Section 12
The cursemark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say.
Now, begone.  
Section 13
Oh, is that so?
Thou wouldst render me aid, is that thy proposal?
Affording thyself opportunity to grope about for the cursemark's location, no doubt?
...
Very well...
There's nothing wrong with a well-laid scheme.
What's more, if my past and past wounds beckon to thee,
I am curious enough to see what thy destiny portends...
I'll allow it. Enter my service.
And good hunting to thee.  
Section 20
Hah!
No reason in particular, thou claimest?
Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this reunion.
Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this encounter.
...
Wilt thou enter into my service?
I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path.
That I might one day upend the whole of it, and rid the world of all that came before.
Well? Has that roused thy interest?  
Section 21
I see. A choice well made.
Thou'rt a rare sort. Not many would have accepted the offer.
But I require as much of those under my command.
I anticipate good work from thee.  
Section 22
I see. More's the pity.
Come to me again, shouldst thou change thy heart.
Surrendering thyself into the service of a doll-witch...
Is not as frightful as thou fearest...  
Section 23
Ah, art thou persuaded to my cause?
Then, again I shall ask, wilt thou enter into my service?  
Section 30
Good, then I ask we proceed with haste.
There is, in my service, a half-wolven warrior by the name of Blaidd.
I would have thee join him in searching for the hidden treasure of Nokron, the Eternal City.
I have called for Blaidd to greet thee below. Take from him the particulars.
Ah, and there wilt thou find Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, also.
Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst.
I am sure the others will be doing just the same.  
Section 31
Speak with the three who await thee below.
Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth.
It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.  
Section 35
Good, then I ask we proceed with haste.
Art thou aware of the star that struck Limgrave?
It left a vast crater, and through it lieth the Eternal City of Nokron.
Go there to find the city's hidden treasure.  
Section 36
Ah, yes. Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, can be found below.
Like thee, they are in my service.
Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst.
I am sure the others will be doing just the same.  
Section 37
Speak with the three who await thee below.
Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth.
It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.  
Section 40
Ah, allow me to forewarn thee.
I shall soon enter my slumber.
And it will be some time before I wake.
This doll's body is not without its hindrances...
Still, I have high hopes for thee.
I look forward to the good news when I arise.  
Section 41
I shall soon enter my slumber.
And it will be some time before I wake.
I have high hopes for thee.
I look forward to the good news when I arise.  
Section 45
...  
Section 70
Ahh...It was thee.
Not Blaidd, it seemeth.
Even in my slumber, I sensed it.
It is in thy possession, is it not? The hidden treasure of Nokron?
My thanks. Finally, all the pieces are in place.
Soon must I begin my journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.  
Section 71
Ah, but before I leave, I must entrust thee with this.
Take it.
My discarded flesh lieth beyond the seal unlocked by it.
Upon which is carved the cursemark of thy desire.
I can fathom what thy purpose might be.
Neither of us is welcomed by the brighter path, I see.
You may leave now.
It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.  
Section 72
What is it?
Thy purpose in approaching me was to obtain the cursemark, was it not?
You may leave now.
I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.  
Section 75
Ah, but before I leave, I shall entrust thee with this.
My thanks, for thy sterling efforts.
A strange gift, perhaps, but a rare sort such as thee would welcome it, I am sure.
I am certain now, fate steered us to our reunion.
I am certain now, fate steered us to our first encounter.
I must thank Torrent too, for his part.
You may leave now.
It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.  
Section 76
What is it? You may go.
I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.  
Section 90
...  
Section 91
...  
Section 92
...
Oh? A dogged fellow, aren't we?
Or is it merely thy habit, to talk to dolls?
Fine...fine.
I hadn't expected any soul to recognise me in this guise.
But now the cat is out the bag, I cannot allow thee thy freedoms.
Perform for me a service, as recompense.
Eliminate the Baleful Shadows which prowl these lands.
The name of Ranni the Witch is already sullied by thee.
I will not brook disobedience in this matter.  
Section 93
Perform for me a service, as recompense.
Eliminate the Baleful Shadows which prowl these lands.
The name of Ranni the Witch is already sullied by thee.
I will not brook disobedience in this matter.  
1062
Section 00
Let us speak of the past, a while.
I was once an Empyrean.
Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title.
Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age.
Which is when I received Blaidd. In the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean.
But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers.
I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away.
I would not be controlled by that thing.
The Two Fingers and I have been cursing each other ever since...
And the Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.  
Section 01
I turned my back on the Two Fingers and we have each been cursing the other since.
The Baleful Shadows...are their assassins.  
Section 10
Even when I turned my back upon the Two Fingers.
Blaidd remained my loyal ally.
Heh.
Though he was created a vassal for an Empyrean,
He was a colossal failure, on the part of the Two Fingers.
Blaidd, and Iji both... Art willing to give too much to me.
Yet they both understand. What lieth beyond the dark path...
That I must betray everything, and rid the world of what came before.
Ah, should I add thee to the list?
Another one, kind of heart. As kind of heart as they.  
Section 11
Ach, this form hath loosened my tongue.
I've let slip too much.
Forget what thou'st heard. Forget.  
Section 20
O Shadow, thou'rt the last.
Tell the Two Fingers,
That Ranni the Witch cometh, to rend thy flesh.
With a fateful wound, ne'er to heal.  
Section 30
Beautifully fought.
My thanks. 'Twas more of a challenge than I envisioned.
Now I can finally stand before them.
This is farewell, my dear.
Tell Blaidd, and Iji...
I love them.  
Section 40
So, it was thee, who would become my Lord.
Perhaps I needn't have warned thee.
I am pleased, however. Thou'rt a fitting choice.
I go now, to the night sky. It is there I shall find mine order.
I bid thee travel the path of the Lord.
And once all is done, we shall see each other, once more.  
Section 50
...
I take it thou'st noticed? I shouldn't be surprised.
I thought I might expound a little further...
Upon the order I envision.
Mine will be an order not of gold, but the stars and moon of the chill night.
I would keep them far from the earth beneath our feet.
As it is now, life, and souls, and order are bound tightly together, but I would have them at a great remove.
And have the certainties of sight, emotion, faith, and touch...
All become impossibilities.
Which is why I would abandon this soil, with mine order.
Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only Lord?  
Section 51
Mine will be an order not of gold, but the stars and moon of the chill night.
And I would abandon this soil, with mine Order.
Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only Lord?  
Section 60
Well, this is a most unpleasant awakening.
The depths of wickedness never fail to surprise me.
I am saddened. That thou wouldst succumb to such depravity.
Led astray by Seluvis, with devious tonic in hand,
Didst thou think to have thy way with me?
Be gone. Hapless scum.
I won't have another whiff of thy rotten breath.  
Section 61
I have spoken. Away from my sight.  
Section 62
This is the third time, fiend.
Enough of thy unbearable breath.  
1063
Section 00
What hopest thou to profit?
...
To think such was thy plot.
Well, I refuse to indulge thy fantasies.
I relinquished a natural death long, long ago.
...  
Section 01
What hopest thou to profit?
...
Hmph.
So, this is the measure of my Lord?
Perhaps it is precisely what I deserve.
…For surrendering myself to delusion.
...  
The Noble Goldmask
Section 01
...  
Section 02
...  
Section 03
...  
Section 04
...  
Section 05
...  
Section 10
...  
Section 11
...!  
Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon
Section 01
Come, sweetings, become what ye desire.
Come, sweetings, time to be born, anew.  
Section 02
Be not afeard, little culver.
Hush, little culver.
Hush, fair maid.
I'll soon birth thee anew, a sweeting fresh and pure...  
Section 03
 
   
Section 04
Come, Oath-sworn giant!
Come, Oath-sworn dragon!
Come, Oath-sworn beasts!
Come, Blaidd, my child!  
Section 05
Fair child, Hermes!  
Section 06
Thy fate lieth under my moon.  
Section 07
Guide thy moon as thou wishest.
Ranni, my little baby...
I thank thee...
Oh little Ranni, my dear daughter.
Weave thy night into being...  
Section 08
 
   
Section 09
Where did ye flee, my sweetings?
Come out, from whence ye hide. There are books and light aplenty.
Dither not; come out say I!
Or will ye be gravestones? To be better born anew?  
Section 10
Ah...thou...
Is it thy wish to be born anew?
To become a sweeting, reborn of my beloved egg?  
Section 11
Ah...thou...
Is it thy wish to yet again be born anew?  
Section 12
Now, bear this sweeting into life anew.  
Section 13
Be not alarmed, nor afeard.
I would birth thee as a sweeting, fair and fine.  
Section 14
Ah...thou...
Art thou now assured of thy want, to be born anew?  
Section 15
Ah, it seemeth thou'rt a sweeting rather fair.
And if thou wert born anew once more, thou wouldst be fairer still.
Ye will be countless born, forever.  
Section 16
Ah, thou'rt now a sweeting full fine and fair.
My thanks. For being born of my beloved egg, time and time again.  
Section 20
Oh...my thanks to thee.  
Section 21
Section 30
Where did ye flee, my sweetings?
Come out, from whence ye hide. Of the dark, be not afeard.
My beloved egg is with us. Come out, I prithee.  
2010
Section 01 
Section 02
Who's that? Who could it be?
A new child, Mother's newborn.
A new friend. A new playmate for us.
Just watch, he'll be born again.
Just watch, she'll be born again.
Then Mother will hold him tight.
Then Mother will hold her tight.
He'll be so warm, warm and cosy.
She'll be so warm, warm and cosy.
That'd be nice, so very nice.
If we're turned to stone, will we be born again?
Will Mother hold us again?
Will we? Will she?
Section 03
That hurts. Please, stop that.
Did he just die? And him, too?
Is he not a friend? I can't tell…
Is she not a friend? I can't tell…
Maybe he's something else?
Maybe she's something else?
Can we still be friends, if we try?
Yes, we can be friends, I'm sure.
He'll understand, if we just explain.
She'll understand, if we just explain.
Section 04
Catch!
There!
Off you go!
Squish him!
Squish her!
Smoosh him!
Smoosh her!  
Section 05
Sleep tight, bound tight
by Mother's amber.
Sleep tight, find life,
in Mother's umbra.
   
Section 06
 
   
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman
Section 01
...  
Section 02
...
I smell it... Death...
Feed it me...
...
Tarnished...bring more...Death...
I shall grant thee... eye...and claw.
Feed me...more.  
Section 03
...
More... I am not...sated.
Feed me more...Death.  
Section 04
...
My thanks...Tarnished...
Death... My sin... Should not be touched...by the hand of man...
I shall grant thee...my claws...
Feed me...more.  
Section 05
I shall grant thee... eye...and claw.
Feed me...more.  
Section 06
More... I am not...sated.
Feed me more...Death.  
Section 07
I shall grant thee...my claws...
Feed me...more.  
Section 10
It is... It is all...consumed.
Still, I am not sated... Not nearly sated...
Rrarrgh!
Marika... Is this...what it is...to sin?
Will things...never be the same...again?
...
Tarnished...my thanks...for thy long...labour.
But I have done...all I can...in this land...
Henceforth, mine appetite shall be my sole companion.
Farewell. 
Section 11
Tarnished...my thanks...for thy long...labour.
But I have done...all I can...in this land...
Henceforth, mine appetite shall be my sole companion.
Farewell.
Section 20
Section 30
O Marika...
What...happened?
Was I...myself the fool?
Or was I tricked...by thee?
O Marika...
Why wouldst thou...relinquish...
Why...  
Section 40
...
...  
Section 50
...
Strange... There's something else...
But the Death...yet quenches...
Bring more...  
Section 51
...
Put it away.
I won't forget...again...
mine appetite... My sin...
So please...enough...  
Section 52
Section 53
I won't forget...again...
mine appetite... My sin...
I must have more... I must consume more...  
Section 60
Thou, who approacheth Destined Death.
I will not have it stolen from me again.  
Section 61
Tarnished. Why wouldst thou...
Why...
Tis no matter. I hereby vow,
that Destined Death shall not be stolen again.  
2028
Section 00
I shall not part with it again.  
Section 01
Stay away from Destined Death.  
Section 02
Cower. Before Maliketh, the Black Blade.  
Section 03
Cower. Before Maliketh, Marika's Black Blade.  
Section 04
Witless Tarnished... Why covet Destined Death?
To kill what?
To destroy what?  
Section 05
Forgive me, Marika...
The Golden Order...cannot be restored.  
Section 10
I must consume more...
   
Section 11
Marika...why...
wouldst thou...gull me?
Why...shatter...  
2029
Section 00
 
   
Section 01
 
   
Section 10
 
   
2039
Section 00
I am Malenia. Blade of Miquella.  
Section 01
Let your flesh be consumed.
By the scarlet rot.  
Section 03
 
   
Section 04
Is this...my first...defeat?
Bravely fought, sir.
Bravely fought, my lady.
But remember...
One day, the scarlet bloom will flower again...  
Section 05
Your strength, extraordinary...
The mark...of a true Lord...
O, dear Miquella...
O, dearest Miquella, my brother...
I'm sorry. I finally met my match...  
2040
Section 01
Well, thou art of passing skill.
Warrior blood must truly run in thy veins, Tarnished.  
Section 02
As I thought, thou'rt of passing valour...
but the dark of night is yet to lift.
The hands of the Fell Omen shall brook thee no quarter.  
Section 03
Foul Tarnished.
Put these foolish ambitions to rest.
The Erdtree is firmly rooted, always.  
Section 04
I'll remember thee, Tarnished.
The flame of ambition leadeth thee astray.
Come, hands of the Fell Omen. Snuff out this wretch's flame.  
Section 06
I see thee, little Tarnished.
Smould'ring with that wretched flame of ambition.
Tremble now, with fear.
For the hands of the Fell Omen will soon be upon thee.
To put out thy little flame.  
Section 07
Hrghraah!
The thrones...stained by my curse...
Such shame I cannot bear.
Thy part in this shall not be forgiven.  
Section 08
Have it writ upon thy meagre grave:
Felled by King Morgott! Last of all kings.  
Section 09
May the curse seep to thy very soul.
An apt reward for thy brash ambition.  
Section 10
...
Tarnished, thou art mistaken.
The Erdtree welcometh no man.
 
No one will be Elden Lord again.
Not even I.
   
Section 11
 
   
2048
Section 00
Well, thou art of passing skill.
Warrior blood must truly run in thy veins, Tarnished.  
Section 01
Foul Tarnished.
Put these foolish ambitions to rest.
The Erdtree is firmly rooted, always.  
Section 02
I shall remember thee, Tarnished.
Smould'ring with thy meagre flame.
Cower in fear. Of the night.
The hands of the Fell Omen shall brook thee no quarter.  
Section 20
Hrghraah!
The thrones...stained by my curse...
Such shame I cannot bear.
Thy part in this shall not be forgiven.  
Section 21
Have it writ upon thy meagre grave:
Felled by King Morgott! Elden Lord!  
Section 22
May the curse seep to thy very soul.  
Section 23
...  
Section 24
Tarnished, thou'rt but a fool.
The Erdtree wards off all who deign approach.
We are...we are all forsaken.  
Section 25
   
Section 26
None may claim the title of Elden Lord.
Thy deeds shall be met with failure, just as I.  
Section 27
   
2049
Section 00
 
   
Section 01
 
   
2068
Section 00
Tarnished Warrior. 'Twas nobly fought.  
Section 01
Dearest Marika...
I am returned.  
Section 02
A crown is warranted with strength!  
Section 03
O Marika!
I will take thee in mine arms once more!  
Section 04
Brave Tarnished...
Thy strength befits a crown.
   
2069
Section 00
 
   
Section 01
 
   
2070
Section 01
One day, we'll return together.
To our home, bathed in rays of gold.
There is only one tree, and only its branches.
That bathe in true rays of gold.
Not the fool Omen King.
Nor the rank malformed twins.
O, we are the Golden Ones. The true and rightful heirs.
Our land's grown old, now ashen, and cold.
But look up, the Erdtree glows!
One day, we'll return together.
To our home, bathed in rays of gold.
And grace will surely guide us safe.
To our home, bathed in rays of gold.  
Section 02
Hear me, my knights! Proud warriors and true.
Let the hunt begin! Fetch me a mighty branch to make mine own!
A fresh offering to graft!
Raaargh!
Graaargh!
Hunt me down a new branch! Bring me a tarnished!  
2078
Section 00
Lowly Tarnished...
Thou'rt unfit even to graft...  
Section 01
Great Godfrey, didst thou witness?  
Section 02
...I am the Lord of all that is Golden...
...And one day, we'll return together...
...To our home, bathed in rays of gold...
   
2079
Section 00
 
   
2099
Section 00
sex
quīnque
quattuor
trēs
duo
ūnus
nihil
nihil  
Section 01
 
   
Section 03
Miquella is mine and mine alone.  
Section 04
Now, surrender yourself.
To my blood, to our coming dynasty.  
Section 05
Ahh, I can see it, as clear as day!
The coming of our dynasty!
Mohgwyn!  
Section 06
Ahh, Miquella...
Why do you abandon me?  
Smithing Master Hewg
Section 01
You're a new face.
No matter, it's all the same.
Lay out your arms. Let's get smithing.  
Section 02
Back already?
No matter. Lay out your arms.  
Section 03
Back already? Can't get enough, eh.  
Section 10
Well, where've you been hiding?
I took you for dead.
No matter. It's all the same.
Lay out your arms, then.  
Section 20
I see you've noticed the chains.
Nothing special. I'm a prisoner, and these are my chains.
I'm trapped by the Hold, undying, smithing for you fools.
That's all there is to it.  
Section 21
Nah, don't read too much into it.
I've no grudge against you.
My being a prisoner is no fault of yours.
Besides, I don't mind smithing.
Despite my differences, the weapons get stronger, all the same. Given time, technique never fails.
Besides, it helps me forget. The sheer terror of her...  
Section 22
Like the look of that whetstone knife, do you?
I've no need for it.
You're welcome to take it. Go ahead.  
Section 30
Now, look at you.
Those eyes tell a story.
Of a challenger, who's felled his mark.
Of a challenger, who's felled her mark.
Fine and well. Now, lay out your arms.  
Section 40
Your divinity, have mercy, and grant me forgiveness.
The road is yet long. A god is not easily felled.
But one day, without fail, you will have your wish.
So please, grant me forgiveness, Queen Marika...  
Section 41
Those words were not meant for you.
I may be prisoner to you Tarnished lot.
But my prayers are mine and mine alone.
Good. I'll be more careful too.
Well, I've had my say. I'll be more careful, too.  
Section 42
Ah. You, is it?
I...didn't notice you there.
I'll be doing my job, same as ever.
Just lay out your arms.  
Section 50
The girl you brought here...
She's crestfallen, and can scarcely swing a blade,
but she has a gift for spirit tuning.
I saw another one like her, long ago.
Their eyes share the same hue.  
Section 51
The girl? What about her?  
Section 52
Are you out of your mind?
Who'd stay with an ugly brute who only knows how to smith?
Absurd. And besides, she'd never agree to it.  
Section 53
I refuse to believe it.
I don't doubt you, but I know when something's too good to be true.  
Section 60
I spoke with the girl.
She has a gift for spirit tuning.
So I told her everything I know.
I'm indebted to a spirit tuner I met long ago.
It was all I could do to honour her.
I'm sorry I doubted you.  
Section 70
The girl has come a long way.
As ever, time and technique have made her stronger.
Tis good to see.
An imprisoned monster does not deserve an apprentice, or a daughter.
But at times, that's precisely what she feels like to me.
I've gone soft. And it isn't easy.  
Section 80
No, no, no, no...
I need to do better than this! This'll never kill a god.
I can do better than this! It needs to slay a bloody god!  
Section 81
Oh, it's you.
Don't pay me any mind. It's not important.
Just lay out your arms.  
Section 90
Are you having second thoughts?
Might I have a word, then?
Your kind are meant to challenge them. To slay them.
The demigods. And their god.
If you remain loyal to your calling,
then no matter what you do, no matter what happens to me,
I will never cease to smith your weapons.
Until you have one to slay a god.  
2131
Section 00
I knew you'd be back.
Lay out your arms. Let's get smithing.  
Section 01
Lay out your arms. Let's get smithing.  
Section 10
Weren't you listening?
As I've always said.
You came to challenge the demigods, and their god. To slay them.
And as long as you do, I will always smith your weapons.
It is what I wish. To smith a weapon for you to slay a god.  
Section 11
I've upset the girl.
She says that now that my chains are broken, I'm free.
That if I stay here, I will be ruined with the Roundtable.
 
What use have I for freedom now?
I smith weapons to slay a god.
I have lived, and will die, doing so, upon this spot.
Is there any other way?  
Section 20
Oh, finally! It's complete!
I've done it! A weapon to slay a god!
Oh, you have my deepest gratitude.
Thanks to you, my wish is granted.
Now wield it, and kill them.
The demigods. And their god.
Queen Marika herself wishes it so.  
Section 21
You seek better weapons still?
Very well. I'll smith another, if needed.
A weapon to slay a god.  
Section 22
I'll smith as long as you like.
Now, lay out your arms.  
Section 23
I'll smith...as long as you like.
Now...lay out your...arms.  
Section 24
I'll smith...as long...as you like.
Now...lay out...your...arms.  
Section 30
Use my masterpiece to slay a god.
That is all that I have lived for.
And my promise to Q-queen Marika.
But do me a favor, and do look after the girl.  
Section 31
I can't hold on much longer.
I'm going the way of the R-roundtable...
It was a great honor to smith your weapons during my time here.
Allow me to c-call you this, just once, before it ends.
My lord, f-for that is what you are.  
Section 40
Who are you?
Oh, I must be a blacksmith.
Now, let's get smithing...  
Section 41
Could you tell me what happened?
Why is the Roundtable burning, in ruins?
Why does that girl weep for me?
Have I forgotten something of dire importance?  
Section 50
Now, let's get smithing...  
Section 60
...
I-I smith... I do...  
Section 71 
2149
Section 00
A fine sacrifice indeed.
Let us devour the gods, together!
Now you are family.  
Section 01
Now, we can devour the gods, together!  
Section 02
O shapers of gods, meddlers in fortune.
I do not abide! By your suffocating Order.  
Section 03
 
   
Section 04
So must it be.
Eveligne, show him the way...
Eveligne, show her the way...
...to devour the gods.  
Section 05
No one will hold me captive.
A serpent never dies.
Ha ha ha...  
Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Section 01
Section 02
Who goes there?
Kalé send you, did he? Ever the bloody busybody.
Hmm. Maybe to him, you don't seem so strange.
The name's Blaidd. I'm looking for a man who goes by "Darriwil".
He fled somewhere nearby. Or so I've heard.
Come tell me if you find him before I do.
I can offer you ample reward.  
Section 03
Darriwil is nothing but a traitor.
And in need of a fitting end to his tale.  
Section 10
Darriwil...
Rotting in a cell is no true justice.
No, this is where it ends for you.  
Section 20
...Right. There you are.
Had to work for it, but it's done.
Don't say I'm not a man of my word. Here's your prize.  
Section 21
Oh yes, I should say,
If you venture north to Raya Lucaria, and come across a venerable blacksmith who's a little on the large side...
Tell him I sent you.
And he'll be sure to treat you right.
I owe you one, I reckon.  
Section 22
That's enough chit-chat for now.
It's time we parted ways.  
Section 30
Ahh, long time, friend.
Blaidd, if you've forgotten.
Glad to have you in the service of mistress Ranni.
Well. Getting right to business...
I'm still in Limgrave.
The eternal city of Nokron lies somewhere at the bottom of this land.
I'm planning to go below through the well in the Mistwood.
See if I can't find the road to Nokron from there...
See if I can't find the road to Nokron from there...  
Section 31
Ah. I heard about you. Good to finally meet.
Name's Blaidd, sworn sword to mistress Ranni.
Glad to have you aboard.
Well. Getting right to business...
I'm situated in Limgrave right now.
The eternal city of Nokron lies somewhere at the bottom of this land.
I'm planning to go below through the well in the Mistwood.
See if I can't find the road to Nokron from there...  
Section 32
I'm going below through the well in the Mistwood.
See if I can't find the road to Nokron...
Don't keep me waiting, eh.  
Section 40
Ah, good to see you.
Apologies mate, but I don't have much to report.
I can see bloody Nokron, right above me, but I'm absolutely stumped.
I've tried all the gateways, to no avail...
...Perhaps it's time to ask Seluvis?
I recall that spiteful little rat acting like he knew something...
Let's give him a squeeze. Show him just how sharp my teeth are...  
Section 41
I jest, I wouldn't go that far.
Besides, I should check on some things here.
Leave this place to me. You just do what you feel is right.
If either of us learns anything, we tell the other. Right?  
Section 42
Ah. Well met.
What news?  
Section 43
Leave this place to me. You just do what you feel is right.
If either of us learns anything, we tell the other. Right?
And if we reach a dead end, I suppose we go back to the source.
Seluvis rarely gives a straight answer, the first time.  
Section 50
Hmm...
So Ranni's fate is kept in stasis by Starscourge Radahn...
That reminds me of something I heard.
There's a festival being held at the castle on the southern edge of the Caelid Wilds, east of Limgrave.
It's a festival of combat. And I heard...that you can fight Radahn himself. He who was once called the strongest of all the demigods...
Maybe it's just a coincidence, but I think it's worth investigating.
I'll be on my way to this festival of Radahn then...  
Section 51
You're coming too, right? To Radahn's festivities...
I'll meet you at Redmane Castle in Caelid.
The way ahead is pleasingly simple. We fight, sword and fang.  
Section 52
Right. I see.
Leave this place to me. You just do what you feel is right.
If either of us learns anything, we tell the other. Right?  
Section 53
Hmm...
So Ranni's fate is kept in stasis by Starscourge Radahn...
And there's a festival of war being held at Redmane Castle in Caelid,
where you can fight the man himself, once the strongest of the demigods.
It's all coming together. Seems like Iji was on to something.
I'll be on my way to this festival of Radahn then...  
Section 60
Ah, there you are. Took your sweet time.
The players are all made up, and waiting for the curtain...
Let's give them a show to remember, eh.
Just don't you go dying on me. For Ranni's sake, too.  
Section 61
Once more into the fray together, eh.
Heh. This might even be fun.  
Section 62
Into the fray together, eh.
Heh. Let's see what you're made of.  
Section 63
Ah, thought I might find you here.
I must admit I was a little worried. We missed our meeting.
But it looks like you're still in one piece, eh.
You must have heard by now, right?
That Starscourge Radahn holds Ranni's fate in stasis.
But once he's out of the way, it will spring back into motion.
So now, we stand against the demigod once known as the strongest of them all.
The way ahead is pleasingly simple. We fight, sword and fang.  
Section 64
Hm. Long time.
Seems we're fated to keep crossing paths.
Now, we find ourselves at a festival of combat, pitted against Radahn, once the strongest of the demigods.
The way ahead is pleasingly simple. A path forged by sword and fang.  
Section 65
Mm... As a fellow combatant, allow me to introduce myself.
Blaidd, warrior.
Now, we find ourselves pitted against Radahn, once the strongest of the demigods.
The way ahead is pleasingly simple; a path forged by sword and fang.  
Section 66
Hm. Nothing to do but wait. Until the festival begins.  
Section 80
Ah, good. I was waiting for you.
What a sick way to fight, eh.
The glory of the clash is shared, by Radahn and you.
And hah! Did you see that, afterwards?
A falling star, right before our eyes!
I can't fathom how Radahn was holding back something of that scale.
He was a living legend, if ever I saw one.
And, the path has now been cleared.
To Nokron, where Ranni's fate will be decided.
Let's meet where the falling star bit the earth.
We'll take up our swords once more. For mistress Ranni.  
Section 81
Let's meet where the falling star bit the earth.
And we'll go into battle again, side by side.
My only purpose is to fight for Ranni's fate, sword and fang.
The curtain's rising...on the final act.  
Section 82
Hmph, what a sick way to fight, eh mate.
The glory of the clash is shared, by Radahn and you.
And then a falling star, right before our eyes!
I can't fathom how Radahn was holding back something of that scale.
He was a living legend, if ever I saw one.  
Section 83
Well, it's time I left.
The wheel of fate has been set into motion.
If it's on the cards, I'd be glad to meet again.
You are a fine warrior.  
Section 84
If it's on the cards, I'd be glad to meet again.
You are a fine warrior.  
Section 90
Baleful Shadow
Section 00
Oh, it's you...
It's me, Blaidd.
Old Iji trapped me here.
Told me I'd bring nought but bale to Lady Ranni.
But there's no chance that could happen.
I'm part of her being. Her very shadow...
I thought old Iji knew as much...
Honestly, I don't know what's going on anymore...  
Section 01
I don't understand. Why would Iji do this...
I could never intend harm to Lady Ranni. What's he thinking...  
Section 10
My thanks, friend.
I'm going to see mistress Ranni, now.
I don't know what came over old Iji,
but even if the odds are slim, I need to check the mistress is safe.
Now, Ranni can finally set in motion
the fight against her fate she's dreamt of for so long.  
Section 11
I'm going to see mistress Ranni, now.
I don't know what came over old Iji,
but even if the odds are slim, I need to check the mistress is safe.  
Section 20
...
No. I'm part of her very being!
I could never betray her!
No matter what might happen...
Ranni... She needs me...  
Section 21  
2248
Section 00
Ngh!  
Section 01
Enough of that, Tarnished.
There is no fight without a foe.  
Section 02
If that's the cloth you're cut from,
don't ever show your face again.
Not to me. And not to my liege.
...  
Section 03
Not to me. And not to my liege.
...  
Section 04
How could I have missed this...
I have failed you...
Lady... Ranni...  
Section 10
Agh.  
Section 11
Cease this treachery at once.
Lady Ranni will be devastated.  
Section 12
This is a true shame.
Don't ever show your face again.
Not to me. And not to my liege.
...  
Section 13
...
Lady Ranni has seen enough.  
Section 14
Go as you must, Lady Ranni...
Along the path of darkness...  
2249
Section 10
 
   
Jar-Bairn
Section 01
Hallo coz, what are you doing here?
I didn't think anyone knew about this place, 'cept us jars.
Oh! Are you going to be the new Potentate?  
Section 02
Gosh, truly? That's wonderful news!
It's not easy being Potentate, though.
I know, show me your hands.
It's just a little test, coz, to see if you've got the right stuff.
It's just a little test, coz, to see if you've got the right stuff.  
Section 03
Hmm.
Your skin isn't so smooth, is it...
You need slick, slidey hands to be Potentate, you know.
I'm sorry coz, but I don't think you've got what it takes...
What a shame...  
Section 04
Oh, hallo again, coz.
I'm happy you came back.
I have good tidings for you, coz.
Have you noticed the rare flowers growing in this village?
I asked the villagers if you could pick some of them.
And they said you'd be very welcome!
The flowers we have now are nice, but it's a bit boring having the same ones all the time.
I think everyone would be glad of a change, actually...  
Section 05
You know the huge vase, at the centre of our village?
If you plant lovely flower seeds inside the big vase, coz...
Those flowers will bloom all through the whole village!  
Section 06
Oh, well, I'm sorry.  
Section 07
Coz. You'll be our Potentate after all, then?
Coz. You'll be our Potentate after all, then?  
Section 08
Don't look so glum, coz.
We can still chat, Potentate or not.
Come back and visit me, when you can.  
Section 09
Go on, coz, you really should pick some of our flowers.
Who knows, they might be of some use.  
Section 10
Oh, did you come to visit me again, coz?
I'm happy you came back.
Can you tell me about the outside?
Oh first though, if you have some nice flower seeds,
can you put them in the big vase in the middle of the village?
I'm sure, when lots of them are in bloom,
everyone will be so happy.  
Section 11
Oh, hallo again, coz.
I'm happy you came back.
Can you tell me about the outside?
Oh, and you put seeds in the big vase, didn't you?
Thanks, coz.
I'm so excited to see what kind of flowers will blossom...  
Section 20
Oh, hallo again, coz.
You put seeds in the big vase, didn't you?
Such pretty flowers are blooming! Everyone's so happy.
I've never seen anything like it! I'd love to see more flowers from the outside, someday. Loads more!  
Section 21
Oh, hallo again, coz.
You put seeds in the big vase, didn't you?
But...I don't really like those flowers.
I'm sorry coz, I know you brought the seeds from all that way away...
But I'm a jar, and you're not. I s'pose we just see things differently.
But I'm a jar, and you're not. I s'pose we just see things differently.  
Section 30
Ah, hallo again.
Say, coz. Have you met Uncle Alexander?
He used to live here with us, but then he left, to be a champion.
I asked to go with him, but he said "The path of champions must be trod alone".
So heroic, right? I miss him though.
If you see him, you should ask him to teach you how to fight, coz.
He's big and tough and strong!  
Section 31
Uncle Alexander said he won't be back again.
"My home is of the past. And the past, as they say, is a different country."
I suppose that's part of being a warrior, isn't it.
So...please don't tell anyone, coz, but...
I'm actually a warrior jar as well! One day, I'll be just like Uncle Alexander.
And I'll have to leave the village to become a champion.  
Section 32
Uncle Alexander won't come back here again.
"My home is of the past. And the past, as they say, is a different country."
I suppose that's part of being a warrior, isn't it.  
Section 40
Ah, hallo again.
Do you know what a poacher is, coz?
They hunt us, smash us, and then take us away.
This village is kept secret, so I think we're safe here.
But you should be careful if you ever meet one of them, coz.
I hope uncle Alexander beats them all up, first...  
Section 41
Those awful poachers. I hope uncle Alexander beats them all up.  
Section 50
Oh, hallo again, coz.
Have you heard? A new Potentate's come to the village!
I think he said his name was Diallos.
He seems a little down in the dumps, but his hands! As smooth as silk!  
Section 51
I don't know, I'm a little disappointed actually.
Even though good sir Diallos has a wonderful suit of armour...
He says he isn't a warrior.
And since he's a coward, he won't be fighting anymore.
His smooth and silky hands feel nice when he pats us.
But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you.
But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you.  
Section 52
Diallos' smooth and silky hands feel nice when he pats us...
But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you.
But I wish we had a potentate big and strong like you.  
Section 60
O-oh! Coz!
I'm glad you came.
But we're fine now. Diallos fought the poacher.
Though quite a lot of us got broken...
...
I won't cry though... I'm a warrior jar. A warrior.  
Section 61
"The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood."
That's the kind of warrior I want to be one day, coz.
Even if I'm scared, I'll still fight to protect everyone.  
Section 62
"The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood."
That's the kind of warrior I'm going to be.
One who protects everybody.  
Section 70
Thanks for coming back, coz.
I've been thinking. It's time for me to set out on a journey.
As a warrior jar, upon the path of champions.  
Section 71
Wow, coz, are these...
Insides?
From Uncle Alexander?
...
Thank you, coz.
I'm a warrior jar, so I need to be strong.
I can really have them, right?
I understand. I'll get strong.
Strong enough I deserve to have Uncle's insides.  
Section 72
I'm about to go on a journey.
As a warrior jar, in search of glory.  
Section 73
Oh, hallo again, coz.
No, I haven't changed my mind.
I'll begin my journey once I'm ready to go.
As a warrior jar, in search of glory.  
Section 74
I'll begin my journey once I'm ready to go.
As a warrior jar, in search of glory.  
Section 80
I don't think I'll see you again, when I set out.
Warriors are supposed to work alone.
Goodbye, coz.
And thanks for everything.
I'll never forget you, coz.
I'll never forget you, coz.  
Section 81
I'll never forget you, coz.
I'll never forget you, coz.  
Section 82
...  
Section 83
Coz...
Tell me a story... About the big, wide world...
...  
Section 84
Uncle Alexander, look!
It's me! I'm a warrior jar too!
...  
Section 85
Stop, no...
Please, no, don't break us...
...  
Section 86
They're wonderful, Diallos.
So smooth, and silky...
...  
Section 87
The tale of House Hoslow...
...is told in blood...
...  
2268
Section 00
Oh?  
Section 01
What's the matter, coz?
Don't be such a nasty brute.  
Section 02
Is this who you are, coz?
You've cracked my heart.
Please, don't crack the others...
...  
Section 03
You were a poacher, all along.
You've cracked my heart.
Please, don't crack the others...
...  
Section 04
So, you were a poacher, too.
But the tale of house Hoslow is told in blood.
I'll find you, one day, coz...
...  
2269
Section 00
 
   
2270
Section 01
Sister... Where did you go?
You promised me. When we turned 14, we'd go to see the stars...
I've been waiting ever so long. Forever and ever, it seems.  
Section 02
Ahh, dear sister, you're finally here.
No time to waste. Let's see the stars.  
Latenna the Albinauric
Section 01
Foul Tarnished, what do you want?
I told the all-hearing brute.
That I possess no such medallion.
Or have you come to take more from me?
Was my other half not enough?
I told the bastard in the bone armour.  
Section 02
I told the all-hearing brute already.
That I possess no such medallion.
Or have you come to take more from me?
Was my other half not enough?
I told the bastard in bone armour already.  
Section 10
Oh...do you speak true?
So old Albus entrusted his medallion to you.
...
Then I've no choice. But to trust that this was his dying will.
Let's try again. I'm Latenna. An Albinauric, the same as Old Albus.
My apologies for my coarse words earlier.
I presumed the worst, seeing that you were another Tarnished, like that all-hearing brute.
I hope that you will forgive me.
I presumed the worst, seeing that you were another Tarnished, like the bastard before.  
Section 11
Mm, the medallion is better off in your hands, anyway.
Would you consider doing me a great service?
I must go back.
There is something that I must do, even if I must say farewell to my wolf, Lobo.
Will you show me the way? To the land of Miquella's Haligtree.
If you accept, I would gladly apprise you.
Of the whereabouts of the medallion's other half.  
Section 12
Thank you kindly.
They say the other half of the medallion is beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree.
In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold.  
Section 13
Then I suppose it's time.
Farewell, Lobo. My faithful wolf, my better half.
I will go with the Tarnished. So that our journey will not have been in vain.
Forgive me, Lobo.
...  
Section 14
Call upon me when needed.
And I will fight at your side.  
Section 15
Well...
I understand. You must have your own duty to fulfil.
But please, allow me to say my piece.
Even if you cannot take me, old Albus wished I relay to you the following:
The other half of the medallion can be found beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree.
In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold.  
Section 16
If you seek the other half of the medallion, they say it's beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree.
In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold.  
Section 17
My thanks...
You'll lead me then, to the land of Miquella's Haligtree.
Farewell, Lobo. My faithful wolf, my better half.
I will go with the Tarnished. So that our journey will not have been in vain.
Forgive me, Lobo.
...  
Section 18
Do you hear me? It is I, Latenna.
We're almost there. Castle Sol lies just off to the north,
where the other medallion is housed. It will grant passage to the land of the Haligtree.  
Section 19
Castle Sol lies just off to the north,
where the other medallion is housed. It will grant passage to the land of the Haligtree.  
Section 20
Oh young yet towering sister of ours.
Let the birthing droplet in.
And create life. For us. For all the Albinaurics.  
Section 21
Thank you.
I've finally fulfilled my purpose.
Our young yet towering sister will give us hope.
Now that nothing is left unfinished,
I will join you in battle to the bitter end.
And when the fighting is done,
then you may lay me to rest. Beside Lobo, my dear wolf.
...  
Section 30
Do you hear me? It is I, Latenna.
We have reached the land of Miquella's Haligtree, where Lobo and I began our travels.
It's entirely thanks to you that I'm so close to home.
These great snow-laden lands stretch far to the north.
And beyond the ancient bowers, and the liturgical town of Ordina,
lies the place to which I must return.  
Section 31
We have reached the land of Miquella's Haligtree.
These great snow-laden lands stretch far to the north.
And beyond the ancient bowers, and the liturgical town of Ordina,
lies the place to which I must return.  
2288
Section 00
Ngh!  
Section 01
Stop, now.
And I'll consider that a simple mishap.  
Section 02
Are all you Tarnished the same?
Was taking my other half not enough for you?  
Section 03
There is no meaning in a fight, lest it serve a greater duty.  
Section 04
Ohh...Phillia
Take...the birthing...droplet...  
2289
Section 00
 
   
Tanith, Volcano Manor Proprietress
Section 01
Brave Tarnished, welcome to the Volcano Manor.
I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house.
Rya spoke well of you.
"A warrior of promise," I believe she said.
Perhaps you are prepared to make a commitment.
Will you join us here at the Volcano Manor, and resist the tide?
Why accept the burden of their grace, or be fooled by the dogmatic ramblings of the Fingers?
Rise with us, against the Erdtree.  
Section 02
Interesting. Your decision is most welcome.
Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family.
The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable.
But be sure to earn your keep.  
Section 03
Well. That is unfortunate.
Rya will be disappointed, but I won't twist your arm.
Now, time for you to leave, I should think.
Let this intersection of our paths be the last.  
Section 04
Aren't you precocious.
We rarely receive visitors to the Volcano Manor without invitation.
Fascinating. And not unlike another guest we had long ago…
So, Tarnished, have you ever harboured doubts?
About the burden of grace, and the dogmatic ramblings of the Fingers?
If you have, why not join the Volcano Manor, and fight with us?
Rise with us, against the Erdtree.  
Section 05
Your decision is most welcome.
Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family.
The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable.
I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house. An honour to have you.  
Section 06
Well. That is unfortunate.
Now, time for you to leave, I should think.
Let this intersection of our paths be the last.  
Section 07
Did you read the letter left for you?
That is the task the Volcano Manor desires you enact.
You will be compensated once the deed is done. Good luck.
If you are loath to hunt your own kin, so be it.
But you must leave this house at once.
This is a war against the Erdtree.
We have no place for the meek, nor the luxury of keeping clean hands.  
Section 08
What's this?
Have you reconsidered the prospect?
Of rising with us, against the Erdtree?  
Section 09
Very well.
Your decision is most welcome.
Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family.
The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable.  
Section 10
You've completed your task.
I am pleased. Now you are a recusant true, and a full-fledged member of the Volcano Manor.
This is your reward, as promised.
Never forget. That the recusant fights to tread the path of the champion.
The way is tainted, but for this very reason,
it is the true path to valour.  
Section 12
I see you've performed another task for us.
Here is your usual reward. Please, take it.
Now, perhaps the time has come to tell you.
Of the true ruler of this manor, Lord Rykard.
The Erdtree blessed the Tarnished with grace.
But it was all too meagre, in the face of the enormity of their task.
The Tarnished were forced to scavenge, squabbling for crumbs.
Like the shardbearers, vying for power in the wake of the Shattering.
Our Lord, indignant, has refused. To scurry about, fighting over what miserly scraps they allow us.
If the Erdtree, and indeed the very gods, would debase us so,
then we are willing to raise the banner of resistance, even if it means heresy.
We at the Volcano Manor, under Lord Rykard, have sworn no rest until it is done.
If you follow this heroic path, one day the Lord will see you.
The Lord's visits with our champions are always a spectacle.
It cannot come a day too soon!  
Section 13
The letter describes the task the Volcano Manor desires you enact.
You will be compensated once the deed is done. Good luck.  
Section 14
If you follow this heroic path, one day the Lord will see you.
It cannot come a day too soon!  
Section 21
She said that, to you?
I should have known something was wrong. The signs were clear enough.
Well. Zorayas has placed her trust in you. All the more reason I must tell you.
That some things are better left unknown. Besides, no-one should be blamed for their heritage.
Think about it. We are resisting the ways of the Erdtree itself.
What matters one's lineage in such a crisis?  
Section 22
No, I haven't seen Zorayas anywhere.
And she has no scouting duties now.
Has she gone off in search of answers?
Why won't she just listen...  
Section 23
May I ask your aid?
Not as the Manor's proprietress, but as Zorayas' mother.
If she discovers the answer to her question, and it causes distress,
have her drink this potion.
To purge that which would cause her pain.  
Section 24
Yes, I know.
My wish is a grave disrespect to her.
No different than the Erdtree's imposition.
But I've no choice... It must be done.  
Section 25
Thank you, for allowing me this.
I will never be a good mother. My heart is too frail.
Our Lord must have known this all along.
My meekness is all too clear...  
Section 26
Really, she is dead, then...
My gratitude for your forthrightness.
If you would...allow me some time alone.  
Section 29
Please, allow me some time alone.  
Section 30
I see that you've stayed the path of champions.
This is your usual reward. Please, take it.
Perhaps you are ready. Might you see our Lord?
Our Lord will no doubt welcome you. Another kindred spirit, treading the path of champions.  
Section 31
Yes, as it should be.
Now, close your eyes for a moment.
I will transport you to the Lord's chamber.
Farewell, then.
May your visit be fruitful.  
Section 32
I see... Well, I cannot make you take the leap.
But do know this.
To follow the path of valour, an audience with our Lord is essential.
In order to defy this debasement, and rise up against the Erdtree.
Like a true recusant of the Volcano Manor.  
Section 33
Won't you consider having an audience with our Lord?
Our Lord will no doubt welcome you. Another kindred spirit, treading the path of champions.  
Section 40
You...
It's true then. You've defeated our Lord.
No, I must thank you. Our Lord was yet weak. You have taught us that.
Defeat is not the end. Our Lord is immortal, and will one day rise again, stronger.
Until then, I must stay the path, and do my part.  
Section 41
I will leave the Volcano Manor before long.
I suggest you do the same.
Here is my thanks. For allowing our Lord to be revived, even stronger than before.
I will miss these encounters.
The champion who walks the tainted path shines all the more.
I always was an admirer.  
Section 50
Oh, you...
Allow me some time.
Our Lord's carcass is vast, and not easily consumed.
Dear Rykard, please find purchase within me,
I wish to be your serpent; your family.
One day, let us devour the gods together.  
Section 51
Dear Rykard, please find purchase within me,
I wish to be your serpent; your family.
One day, let us devour the gods together.  
Section 76
Now, time for you to leave, I should think.
Let this intersection of our paths be the last.  
Section 77
The drawing room is through the hall.
Use the key I handed you, and make yourself comfortable.  
Section 78
What's this?
Have you reconsidered the prospect?
Of rising with us, against the Erdtree?  
Section 79
Very well.
Your decision is most welcome.
Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family.
The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable.  
Section 80
Now, time for you to leave, I should think.
Let this intersection of our paths be the last.  
Section 81
The drawing room is through the hall.
Use the key I handed you, and make yourself comfortable.  
Section 82
Now you are a recusant true, and a full-fledged member of the Volcano Manor.
I am pleased to have you on our side.  
3001
Section 10
Did you see her?
The girl, Rya…with her true face.
...
Well, if she confided in you the name Zorayas,
then perhaps it is not my place to speak.
But as her adoptive mother, I ask of you.
Please, be kind to her. Look after young Zorayas.
Her true visage belies the purity of her heart.
…Honestly, I hardly deserve the sweet child.  
Section 11
Please, be kind to her. Look after young Zorayas.
Her true visage belies the purity of her heart.  
Section 12
Zorayas has placed her trust in you. All the more reason I must tell you.
That some things are better left unknown. Besides, no-one should be blamed for their heritage.  
Section 13
My wish is a grave disrespect to her.
But I've no choice... It must be done.  
Section 14
Sweet Zorayas, have I earned your scorn?  
3002
Section 00
This is farewell.
Perhaps we will meet again, along the path.  
Section 01
What is it?
I have no need of that.
I must continue devouring my beloved lord...  
Section 02
Oh, you...
Allow me some time.
Our lord's carcass is not easily consumed.  
3008
Section 00
 
   
Section 01
Ngh!
Ahh, my lord...
Rykard...  
3009
Section 00
Oh, Rykard…
Let me be your serpent…  
White Mask Varré
Section 01
Oh, yes... Tarnished, are we?
Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm?
Of course you have. No shame in it.
But I'm afraid you're plumb out of luck.
You are maidenless. A bit player, fully divorced from the strength of runes.
Feel free to go off and die in a ditch somewhere.  
Section 02
Oh, can't seem to wrap your head around your predicament?
It's no surprise. You poor have-nots are a stubborn lot.
Fine, then.
If you must have a go at it, maidenless as you are, you'll require an education.
On the ways of the learned Tarnished.
Are you familiar with grace? The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished.
You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times.
That is the guidance of grace. The path that a Tarnished must travel.
It's nothing short of a miracle. That the guidance of grace can lead you,
maidenless as you are, to the perfect place to die in obscurity.  
Section 03
What's the matter?
Shouldn't you be off proving yourself, or some such?
Then go on, take the hint and follow the guidance of grace.
To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff.
And if, by chance, you do find your way to the castle,
you may receive a summons. To the famed Roundtable Hold…  
Section 04
Guidance will show the way, most certainly.
To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff.
The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted.
Although I'm afraid you'll never make it that far, hmm.
Rest assured, I sympathise, deeply. There's no worse fate than to be maidenless.
Oh, but if, by chance, you do find your way to the castle,
you may receive a summons. To the famed Roundtable Hold…  
Section 11
Oh, yes... Tarnished, are we?
Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm?
Of course you have. No shame in it.
Unfortunately for you, however, you are maidenless.
Without guidance, without the strength of runes, and without an invitation to the Roundtable Hold...
You are fated, it seems, to die in obscurity.  
Section 12
Luckily for you, however, there is one shining ray of hope for even the maidenless.
Me. Varré. Take care to listen.
Are you familiar with grace? The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished.
You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times.
That is the guidance of grace. The path that a Tarnished must travel.
Mm, indeed. Grace's guidance holds the answers.
It will lead you Tarnished to the path you are meant to follow.
Even if it leads you to your grave.  
Section 13
Grace's guidance will reveal the path forward, most certainly.
To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff.
The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted.  
Section 14
It's time you set off, I should think.
To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff, where grace would guide you.
If you seek the Elden Ring, maidenless as you are.  
Section 20
Ohh, well done, well done indeed.
You made it through that entire mess, all the way to Stormveil.
And off you trotted to the Roundtable Hold… My sincerest congratulations.
But, how did you find the Roundtable?
Oh, you don't have to say it.
Before, the Roundtable was chock full of venerated warriors, but now, it's home to puff-chests and has-beens.
I fear you've been terribly disappointed.
I don't blame you. But still, the Roundtable has its perks.
Why not earn a seat? Fly straight and true, so to speak.  
Section 21
Ahh, then you're interested? A wise choice indeed.
To join the Roundtable proper, you must acquire a Great Rune, and request audience...
...with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
They are the purported masters of the grace that guides your kind, the Tarnished.
Mm, yes, pay them a visit, so that you may see for yourself.  
Section 22
Challenge Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, to acquire a Great Rune.
Decrepit, he may be, but a demigod he remains. And of course, an inheritor of a Great Rune.
Worse yet, I hear old Godrick's acquired a ferocious new toy to graft...
So. Prepare for the worst.  
Section 23
...
Yes, I see. Perhaps it's just as well.
Besides, you are maidenless. One can only do so much with the materials provided.
But then again, if you should realise the error of your ways,
I'm always willing to hear you out.  
Section 24
Oh, have you decided to have a go after all? At joining the Roundtable proper?  
Section 25
What's the matter?
Aren't you supposed to be earning your place at the Roundtable Hold?
Then you must face Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil,
for without a Great Rune, you will not be granted audience.
With the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.  
Section 26
Ohh, well done, well done indeed.
You bested Godrick the Grafted, and claimed a Great Rune.
You felled a demigod, and claimed a Great Rune.
My congratulations.
Now, visit the Roundtable Hold.
For an audience with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.  
Section 27
Go to the Roundtable Hold.
For an audience with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.  
Section 30
Ah, there you are.
You claimed a Great Rune, and had your audience. With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold.
You've had your audience. With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold.
What was your impression?  
Section 31
Ah-ha, your intuition serves you well.
My doubts had been piling up, you see.
...The words of the Two Fingers cannot be trusted.
Truly, naught but rambling, senile delusions.
I believe, that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers were corrupted, their guidance; skewed.
Even worse, the Fingers harbor no love for our kind.
That's the part that irks the most.  
Section 32
Oh, I have a gift for you, something fit only for the wise.  
Section 33
A means for circumventing the draw of the Two Fingers.
Give it a try, won't you?
And if it please you, may we meet again.
I've high hopes for you. My lambkin.  
Section 34
You don't say. Well, what a relief that must be.
You may go, then. My work here is done.
May the wisdom of the Two Fingers guide you.  
Section 35
Oh? Is something wrong?  
Section 36
Be sure to try that finger I gave you.
There's no reason to dither.
The Tarnished were spurned by grace, forsaken by the Two Fingers. And now they ask you to mend their crumbling world?
Hah, your loyalties are misplaced with them.  
Section 37
Be sure to try that finger I gave you.
I'm quite certain that you'll take to it.  
Section 50
Oh, lambkin, so pleased you're here.
I'm glad that you're enjoying my gift.
Mmm, I knew it from the very start.
You have a taste for noble blood.
...
I wish to anoint you a proper inductee.
A knight to serve Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, and establish a new dynasty.
Luminary Mohg has strength, vision, and of course, love.
So, what do you say, my lambkin?  
Section 51
Mm, yes, who would have it any other way?
Now, take this.
For your final trial. Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood.
Normally, this ritual would involve killing one's own maiden, and recanting the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
But since you are maidenless, the blood of anyone's maiden will do.  
Section 52
Oh my, perhaps you misheard me.
Nothing wrong with giving you a day or two.
For your ears to clear out.  
Section 53
Oh, it's you.
Could you tell me once more? Your honest reply.  
Section 54
Ahh, my lambkin.
You've completed your final trial.
And with this, you are a formal inductee.
A knight who will assist Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, in the establishment of a new dynasty.
Now, give me your finger.
This noble blood will be an immutable badge of honor, once it settles. Inside of you.
Oh, good heavens. Clench your teeth, or something.
Never forget that feeling of agony.
For it is what binds you, to Luminary Mohg. To all of us.
Ha ha ha...
You have the sweetest scream. My lambkin.  
Section 55
Oh, another thing. You should have this.  
Section 56
A medal granted by the new Mohgwyn dynasty.
With the power to grant audience with Luminary Mohg.
I've gone out of my way to provide one to you.
But you mustn't use it just yet.
The meeting must wait until the Mohgwyn dynasty commences.
Luminary Mohg yet slumbers beside the Divinity.
We must endure a little longer.  
Section 57
Ahh, it is trying, but we must be patient.
One day, you will be elevated, deservedly, basking in love.
Right, my lambkin?
Ha ha ha...  
Section 58
The cloth is your final trial. Soak it with the blood of a maiden.
The blood of anyone's maiden will do. You are maidenless, after all.  
Section 80
What business does a maidenless wretch like you have here?
Did you come seeking violence, upon learning my esteemed position under Luminary Mohg?
I'll take pleasure in ensuring you regret this.
Before you die in obscurity.  
Section 81
You seek violence, heedless of my warning, though you have been raised to a knight of the dynasty?
I am pained, to the very depths of my being.
I'll ensure you regret this, my lambkin.
Enjoy your miserable death.  
Section 82
How dare you trouble Luminary Mohg's passions.
You vulgar churl.  
Section 83
I made a grave error.  
Section 84
Why must I be...
Disgraced by this lowborn...  
Section 85
O...Luminary...Mohg...
Please grant...the strength...you promised...
I have given...everything...
Please...my lord...  
Section 86
Please, answer me...Luminary...Mohg.
...
A-ahh...
Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love!  
3019
Section 00
 
   
Gatekeeper Gostoc
Section 01
You there.
Come over here, would you?  
Section 02
You're Tarnished, aren't you?
I would advise against taking the main gate into the castle.
It's tightly guarded by hardened old hands.
Try the opening right here.
The guards don't know about it.
You'll breach the castle undetected.  
Section 03
Yes, that's the spirit.
...You're just the kind of Tarnished that I like.
I pray for your success.  
Section 04
Fair enough, you certainly don't have to trust me.
Well, If you must go through the gates, I'll signal them to open.
But of course, I'd advise against it.  
Section 05
Use that opening to breach the castle.
The guards haven't a clue about it.
You'll slip right inside undetected.  
Section 06
Of course. I understand.
When you approach the gates, I'll signal them to open.
It's only your neck on the line, after all.  
Section 07
The gates! Open the gates!  
Section 08
...You're just the kind of Tarnished that I like.
I pray for your success.  
Section 09
The gates are open. Do as you like.
It's only your neck on the line, after all.  
Section 20
Oh, oh, you...
Oh, great, I'm glad you're here.
Just a small reward, I was saving it for you.
Please, it's all yours.  
Section 21
Good, now let's be on our way, shall we?
Wouldn't want the guards to spot you.  
Section 22
Hop along, will you?
What'll happen if the guards catch you strutting about?  
Section 25
Rubbish...
Another one...another one all skin and bones.
...Worse than a petty squire...
...Ahh, not a muscle on this one either...  
Section 26
Oh, you...
For god's sake, don't scare me like that!
...
What, oh, just clearing out some corpses.
Can't just leave them about, you know, they'll start to pong, eh.  
Section 27
Oh, hello. No, don't you mind me for a minute.
It's my job to keep the grounds clean.  
Section 28
   
Section 40
Oh, hello... Glad to see you safe.
I've come into some fine goods.
Only, it turns out I can't use a one of them.
Perhaps you'd like to take them off my hands?  
Section 41
Oh, hello, anything you'd care to purchase?  
Section 45
Fare thee well.
I pray for your success.  
Section 50
What a pathetic excuse for a Lord you were. Craven to the bone.
Pushing me about like that. And after all that grafting? Where did that get you?
Look down, on me, would you?
Godrick? You filthy slug.
Feel it! Feel it! Feel my bloody wrath!  
Section 51
Oh...hello there.
This weasel was... Godrick was always looking down on me.
He got what he bloody deserved, thanks to you.
I tell you though, what goes around comes around.
He had an ugly heart, an uglier countenance, and met the ugliest of ends, eh.
He he he he he...  
Section 52
Now, I suppose I'm free.
I can do whatever takes my fancy...
Can't I, mate?  
Section 60
You giving that to me?
...
Well, I suppose I did save your life, in a way.
I'll gladly take it off your hands. Be rude not to, eh!
Mmm, you Tarnished are alright by me.
The sweet ones like you, anyway.  
Section 61
...  
Section 70
Ah, you, is it?
Haven't seen your mug in quite some time.
As you can see, I'm the new Lady's attendant.
Freedom? Wasn't worth squat.
B-besides, I like it 'round 'ere...
Lady Nepheli's still fair of heart and countenance...  
Section 71
Still, I have the Lady's trust.
...So I can loot all the corpses I like.
I'll let you take a look at the goods, if you fancy.  
Section 72
Ah, back again, are we? Curious one, you are.
Well then, what are you after?  
3028
Section 00
Ouch!  
Section 01
Oi, what're you doing?
Stop that!  
Section 02
Blast, what's it to you!
Step back, you wretched Tarnished!  
Section 03
Finally given up the ghost, eh...
Oh, don't worry, I've got big plans for what's left of you...  
Section 04
Hah! Do you feel it?
Do you feel my bloody wrath?  
Section 05
Damn it all. Why is it always me...
What did I do to deserve...  
Section 06
But...I'm free...
I can do...what I like...  
3029
Section 00
 
   
3030
Section 01
Good Lord! Good God of Vengeance!
Till grudges soak the lands!  
Section 02
Oh...
I see, you're Tarnished.
I am Guilbert. A Redeemer of vengeance. In all its forms.  
Section 03
By the way...
Have you heard of the crucible knights?
There's one by the name of Ordovis, and I must find him.
He's an old hero of the Shattering, but there's a grudge out against him.
The Lands Between are brimming with those who cannot die. It makes for a cesspool of vengeance.
...Gives me a shiver just thinking about it...  
Section 04
These fellows?
Who knows, just some lads who did someone wrong.
They got what was coming, nothing more.
If you're intent on revenge, pray to the God of Vengeance.
You'll have yourself a corpse in no time.  
Section 05
You're Tarnished. Then you're here to fight, aren't you?
For the Elden Ring.
Well, there's something you ought to know.
There's an aberration of a blacksmith past the checkpoint that leads to Stormveil.
He doesn't seem to think much of anyone or anything, but oddly, he's willing to smith weapons for Tarnished.
He has a fine arm. Have him take a crack at your goods.
...The question for me, of course, is whether he's in need of any vengeance...  
Section 06
In the Lands Between, everyone lives longer than they should.
They may go mad, but even so, they plead to the God of Vengeance.
That's why I'm here. To exact revenge for those who can't do it themselves.
Like someone did for me, when I...when I was but a tyke.  
Section 10
Oh, there you are...
It must have been a dream. Strange.
I was fighting at your side. Against Ordovis of the Crucible.
It was a revenge so sweet, fit to serve the very God of Vengeance.
Heh...
Maybe you're meant to be a Redeemer, as well...
I was fighting at your side. Against Ordovis, the Crucible Knight.  
Section 11
Ah, you...
Did you defeat Ordovis of the Crucible?
I could sense it. The God of Vengeance surely smiled upon that battle.
Heh...
Maybe you're meant to be a Redeemer too...
Did you defeat Ordovis, the Crucible Knight.  
Section 13
Alright, then.
I'm off to Stormveil Castle.
Lord Godrick has kept busy with his grafting...
Slicing off arms like harvesting ears of wheat. He's run up a mighty debt in blood.
A demigod, yes, he may be...
But no one escapes a Redeemer.  
Section 14
I was thinking...
Godrick must have an idea.
About the vengeance sought by General Radahn, to whom I swore my oath.
...Yes, Godrick's corpse will know what to do...
Godrick must know.
That of all the grudges born of the Shattering, Malenia the Rotted is the object of the most profound.  
Section 15
Ahh, my head is throbbing, everything is bright red...
Master Radahn, is this how it feels to ferment with vengeance?
I can hardly keep from trembling...  
3039
Section 00
Well, well, you've made yourself a target of vengeance.
Perhaps this, too, was meant to be.
Prepare to become an offering.
Trust me, you'll rest easier as a corpse.  
Section 01
Hello there, I don't believe we've met.
I'm afraid you've made yourself the object of somebody's ire.
As a Redeemer, I'm bound to exact revenge.
Prepare to become an offering.
Trust me, you'll rest easier as a corpse.  
Section 02
Whoah, what're you playing at? (OKテイク, v303902000_ALT_3)
What're you playing at?  
Section 03
...
This is a little awkward.
There's no revenge to be had in this killing.  
Section 04
Not too sharp, are you?
If you want to die, ask someone else.  
Section 05
 
   
Section 06
Let it be known.
Wherever vengeance must be had, a Redeemer there will be...  
Section 07
Oh, my Lord. Good God of Vengeance!
Till grudges soak the lands...  
Section 08
Don't you see now?
There is no escape from a Redeemer.  
Section 09
Death ought to be earned.
What am I to make of this?  
Section 10
Didn't I tell you before?
No one escapes a Redeemer.
Prepare to become an offering, once and for all.
Trust me, you'll rest easier as a corpse.  
Preceptor Seluvis
Section 01
I see... You must be Ranni's new hireling.
I see... You must be Ranni's new girl.
Yes, yes, I've heard all about you.
I am Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts.
I don't know what it is the mistress sees in a provincial Tarnished like you,
but since we have the misfortune of serving the same Lady,
I ask that you kindly try not to drag us all down with you.  
Section 02
I reside...in another tower, close by.
Come and pay me a visit...
Should you wish to be of actual service to Mistress Ranni.
If it were up to me, I wouldn't waste my time on the likes of you.
But who am I to stand against the wishes of my Lady?  
Section 10
Well, well. You took me at my word.
Did you not realise I was merely being polite? You provincials never cease to amaze...
Hmm, I suppose you're here now.
Perhaps I'll give you something to do.
I'd like you to find a woman called Nepheli, to administer a potion.
Even you can do that much, can't you?  
Section 11
Good, good.
Now I shall hand over the potion in question.
Find Nepheli, and ensure she drinks it.
I expect glad tidings. And soon.  
Section 12
I see...
What a wretched bunch you Tarnished are.
Do you understand? I've given you a very fine chance.
If you complete this simple task, I will graciously permit you to learn from me.
Even you wish to serve our Lady well, do you not?
Turn those little cogs upstairs, and return with the correct answer.  
Section 13
Have you fumbled out the correct answer now?
Then you will undertake my task?  
Section 14
...
You are peerless in your dullardry.
Fine. I can feel my wits evaporating in your mere presence.
Don't bother wasting your breath on me again.  
Section 15
I could have sworn I told you to trouble me no more...
Are you here to tender your sincere apology, and undertake my task?  
Section 16
Good, good.
As a man of abundant charity, I accept your apology.
Now I shall hand over the potion in question.
Find Nepheli, and ensure she drinks it.
I expect glad tidings. And soon.  
Section 17
I've no time for idle chit chat.
The only thing I will hear from you is a report of your task's completion.
Are we understood? Then off you trot.
I have enough on my plate.  
Section 30
Ahh, so you made Nepheli drink the potion?
Well done. You are a touch more useful than I had thought.
Well done. You are a slight more useful than I had thought.
Very well. Then you shall have your gift.
Knowledge of the sorcerous arts, under the tutelage of the great Preceptor Seluvis.
I doubt much of it will lay within the grasp of a mere Tarnished, but...
If you put your mind to it, perhaps you won't embarrass our Lady.  
Section 31
You wish to begin right this moment?
Well, your impatience, though boorish, is understandable. Let's have at it.  
Section 32
Begging for another lesson so soon?
There remains much to be done. Make it quick.  
Section 33
Come now, the pretence of comprehension becomes you not.
Bend over backwards any further and you're apt to break.  
Section 40
Well, well. You're asking me about that, are you?
The task was left to you and the mongrel, was it not?
Not only are you incompetent, but shameless to boot.
Well...there's no helping it.
Now's as good a time as any. I'll let you in on it.
There's a glintstone sorcerer by the name of Sellen in Limgrave.
She owes me for the help I gave her when she was expelled from the academy.
I asked her to look into the matter some time ago.
I'll write you a letter of introduction. Go ask her.  
Section 41
So, you had Nepheli drink the potion? Truly?
Hmm. Then perhaps something was amiss with it.
It's concocted from the finest ingredients. But perhaps I should review the recipe.
I may have expected too much of her, to begin with.  
Section 50
You break into a man's private chambers, rooting about as you please?
Your oafishness knows no bounds.
Fine and well.
You tricked Nepheli, and had her drink the potion.
I believe that makes you my accomplice.
You yearn for a puppet of your own, hmm?
Well, normally one of your stature would never be allowed.
But perhaps I can make a very special exception.
Now, choose.  
Section 51
Ah, I knew you'd see things my way.
You knew you were already my accomplice, and as such...
You wanted one for yourself, hmm? A puppet, to cherish.
Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of man you are.
Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of woman you are.
Well, it's been some time since a pupil of mine last walked this road.
To mark the occasion, I shall grant you the puppet you so desire.
Now, choose.  
Section 52
Well, this is a surprise.
But aren't we forgetting something?
The tipple you fooled Nepheli into drinking, yes, my little draught.
You are already my accomplice.
Are you ready to change your mind, now?
It's no sin, pining for a puppet to cherish.  
Section 53
Now, hand it over, and don't make a fuss.
Nothing bad will happen. I'll even consider giving you a puppet of your own.  
Section 54
(huge sigh)
You truly are beyond salvation.
Fine. Leave this place, and never darken my doorstep again.
Ah, what a terrible pity.
This is the last time I'll see you, in your present state.  
Section 55
I thought I told you never to show your face again.
Have you decided to return what's mine, and proffer a sincere apology?  
Section 56
Good, good.
As a man of abundant charity, I accept your apology.
And well, you finally realised, did you?
All you really wanted was a puppet to cherish. To fill that hole deep in your heart.
Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of man you are.
Oh I can see right through you. That's just the kind of woman you are.
Well, it's been some time since a pupil of mine last walked this road.
To mark the occasion, I shall grant you the puppet you so desire.
Now, choose.  
Section 60
How's the puppet I gave you?
A thing of exquisite craft, is it not?  
Section 70
What's that? You want another puppet?
Quite the keen paramour, aren't we.
Well, aren't you a woman of many passions.
But, I'm afraid each and every one is like a child to me.
I can hardly just give them away.
Oh dear, what's to be done?
Why don't you...fetch me some starlight shards?
It's no mere booze, but a refined old drink of amber hue.
If you can manage it, I'll gladly prepare a new puppet for you.
The soul of every puppet has its own ambience. You'll soon come to know, once you possess a few.
And once each's predilections are known to you, the better you'll be able to love them.
Oh yes, you have much to look forward to, further down this road.  
Section 80
You're proving to be quite the puppeteer.
I've not had an apprentice for…a very long time indeed.  
Section 81
Perhaps, you'd be interested in a little scheme of mine?
It will produce the finest of puppets.
Which I aspire to cherish with these very hands.
A ploy to fool even Lady Ranni... How does that sound?  
Section 82
Ahh, I knew I had you pegged.
Heh. I knew I had you pegged.
You're just like me.
Then I'd like you to procure something.
A rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber.
With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness.
And even a demigod would be slave to its charms...
Procure it for me.
The rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber.
With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness.
And even a demigod would be slave to its charms...  
Section 83
Very good.
A wise choice, indeed.
You passed my little test with flying colours.
I was merely gauging your loyalty to Lady Ranni.
Well done, I'm very proud of you.
Let's both do our utmost in service of our Lady.  
Section 84
Ah ha. Might you be interested after all?
In a fine scheme to sport with Lady Ranni?  
Section 85
Alright, enough of these games.
Your test is well and truly over.
Wag your tail for master all you like, but your loyalty is merely blind.
I fear your wretched provinciality is apt to burst. You're oozing at the seams.  
Section 90
Well, well, you managed to lay your hands on it!
The blessed day is finally upon us...
Goodness gracious, the way it glistens...utterly enchanting.
To think, this was once a demigod's very fate...
My oh my oh my...  
Section 91
Ah, are you still here?
Oh yes, I should give you your reward.
Please, it's all yours. Splendid work. Just marvellous.
Now, just you wait. The merriment is soon to begin.
The scheme I promised is to be revealed very shortly...  
Section 92
Good, I've been waiting for you.
It's finally complete. The perfection of my draught, gleaming nectar-sweet.
Give it to Ranni and ensure she drinks it.
The dead-eyed doll lets down her guard in your presence, rather remarkably.
Though she might dip her hands in the dirt, and feign that icy persona…she's a frail, gentle girl at heart.
Though she might dip her hands in the dirt, and feign that icy persona...she's still just a feeble, pampered little girl when it comes down to it.
Which is why you're the only one for the job.
Now do it. Make Ranni drink my draught.  
Section 93
You...understand, don't you?
That once you have Ranni drink my draught, my scheme will come to fruition.
And we, well, we'll be in a position to claim the very finest puppet ever crafted.
Just imagine...the pure elation...  
Section 94
Come now, don't make me wait.
I can barely contain myself as it is...  
Section 95
You'll be flabbergasted, I can assure you.
The scheme I promised is to be revealed very shortly...  
3071
Section 00
Hmm. Is that a scroll?
I won't bother to ask where you pilfered it, but...
You're correct to assume I'm one of the few who can decipher it.
So, I'm perfectly happy to take it off your hands.
That said, don't you dare get your hopes up.
More often than not, new knowledge is merely an opportunity to reflect…
…upon the mediocrity of one's intellect.  
Section 10
Oh, perhaps you've already noticed.
The nightly wolf howling that's been disturbing the peace here.
If that bothersome mutt, Blaidd, is back in town,
then tell him to pack up and ship out.
I never liked the din of a dog's howl.
From a mongrel like him, it's simply agony.  
Section 20
Well, what have we here?
Are you proposing that I partake?
Do I appear such a gormless tomfool to you?
A slow-wit who'd divulge his secrets for a moment of bliss?
Well, let me give you some advice.
Scheming has its place, but consider the one you're scheming against.
You might find yourself on the wrong end of a proper beating one day.  
3072
Section 00
O-oh!
Y-you! I, er, sorry, your worship...
Y-you! I, er, sorry, madam...
I-I apologise for any offence given.
I am Pidia. Servant to the Carian royal family.
I am charged with maintaining these g-ghastly dolls.  
Section 01
Ahh, your worship, allow me to be of use.
Ahh, kind madam, allow me to be of use.
Other than the puppets, there are some very fine things up here in this storeroom.
Why not pick something out, before you go?
But please, can you offer poor ill-starred Pidia...
A little something by way of compensation?  
Section 02
Ah, a fine day to your worship.
Ah, kind madam, a fine day to y-you.
Please, choose whatever you like.  
Section 03
Ah, I'm sorry your worship, but poor Pidia has given all he has.
Ah, I'm sorry kind madam, but poor Pidia has given all he has.
I can't be of further use to you. Please, forgive me.  
Section 04
Please, find it in your heart... Forgive me...  
Section 05
Argh!
Arrgh!
S-stop, please, stop!
Y-you're my puppets! I loved you with all I have!
How could you forget...such bliss?
Ouch!
That hurts!
Please, I beg you, cease this cruelty!
Eeek
Eeeeeeek!  
Section 10
Oh, that's very kind.
Poor Pidia could never accept such a precious brew.
Very sorry, really, if I... I've disappointed you,
If you will, please forget this matter entirely.  
3078
Section 00
Agh!  
Section 01
Enough of that, now.
Have you forgotten that we both serve the same Lady?  
Section 02
You incorrigible lout.
Don't you dare waltz back here ever again.
...  
3079
Section 00
 
   
Patches
Section 01
Well, well, well?
Thought you'd just help yourself to a man's personal belongings?
You scheming little thief. The gods demand repentance!
Cough up your coin, all of it!  
Section 02
Wait, wait, please!
I surrender! White flag and all!  
Section 03
For Pete's sake! I concede!
No one likes a bull-headed brute, you know!
I yield, yield! You can't harm a yielding man!  
Section 04
Cripes, are you dense, boy?
Cripes, are you dense, sweetheart?
Fine, have it your way. You'll get what's coming.
We're about to make out like Bandits, boys!  
Section 05
Well, finally come around, have you?
I knew you would. You're a man of reason, through-and-through.
I knew you would. You're a lady of reason, through-and-through.
Ha ha ha...  
Section 06
Ahhh...
Well, what do you know? You're Tarnished, like me.
Now, how did I get that wrong?
I took you for a demi-human, or some such.
An innocent mistake, I assure you.
Well, water under the bridge. Now we're squared up, how about we play nice from now on?  
Section 07
A true man of reason. Just what I like about you.
A true lady of reason. Just what I like about you.
I'm Patches. Patches the Untethered.
Tarnished, like you, only, free-spirited. Nomadic, you might say.
Only for now, those retired-soldiers-turned-bandits they're paying for my gruel.
In exchange for my, well, showing them the ropes.
But honestly... this looting racket is bloody terrifying.
Frankly, I'm ready to wash my hands clean. Maybe set up a legitimate shop.
So, don't be a stranger, eh?
I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time.
Ha ha ha...  
Section 08
Slow down, son...
Slow down, madame...
What's the matter? This simply isn't like you.
You've always known an innocent mistake when you see one.
Well, suit yourself.
I'm Patches. Patches the Untethered.
Tarnished, like you, only, free-spirited. Nomadic, you might say.
Only for now, those retired-soldiers-turned-bandits are paying for my gruel.
In exchange for my, well, showing them the ropes.
But honestly... this looting racket is bloody terrifying.
I'm ready to wash my hands clean. Maybe set up a legitimate shop.
So, don't be a stranger, eh?
I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time.
Ha ha ha...  
Section 09
Don't forget to pop back for another visit, friend.
I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time.
Ha ha ha...  
Section 20
Well, nice of you to drop in, finally.
It's all a bit ad hoc, but I'm sure you'll find something.
And welcome to Patches' Emporium.
Where you won't need a refund, 'cause everything's top notch.  
Section 21
Hello, again. Welcome to Patches' Emporium.  
Section 22
Cheers for that.  
Section 23
Stingy little beggar...
Try to find it in your heart next time, eh?  
Section 24
Yeah, I had those bandits make a clean break.
Now they're all suppliers, and good ones at that.
I mean, they don't understand a word I'm saying,
but it hardly matters, we have a natural connection.
They're all foot soldiers. Survivors of a defeated army.
Worked to the bone by their high-and-mighty lord, only to be thrown out with the rubbish.
...It's the same old story, everywhere I go. Ah, to hell with it all.  
Section 25
Hm? Wondering what's inside the treasure chest?
Well, it's uh, nothing too special.
Just something I'm saving as thanks, for a very valuable customer...
But then again, it would fetch some spectacular coin...
And besides, this valuable customer could be a long time coming...
Eh? Everything is give and take, give and take.  
Section 26
Forgot something on your shopping list?
No, no trouble to me.  
Section 41
By the way, friend...
You've really been there for me, through thick and thin.
And so, I've made up my mind. I bequeath that chest to you.
An extra-special thanks, for an extra-special customer.  
Section 42
What's wrong? I've made up my mind.
The treasure chest is yours, in word and deed.
Sure, it may be worth its weight in gold.
But a Patches Promise? Well, that's priceless!  
Section 50
Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive.
You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that.
Maybe it's a sign to keep your mitts off what's not rightly yours, hmm?
But I'll forgive you. View it as a learning experience.
At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe.
And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!  
Section 51
Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive.
You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that.
Who on earth spends their time booby-trapping treasure chests?
No way I could've known, but still, I apologise. It's all very unfortunate.
At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe.
And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!  
Section 60
Oh yes, by the way. I'm saying goodbye to the old cave.
I'm untethered, by nature, and It's about time that I moved on.
No worries, the old gang will inherit the shop.
They may not speak a word, but they never forget a face.
Spare them some coin after I'm gone, eh?  
Section 70
Oh, well! It's been a long while.
It's me. Patches the Untethered.
I'm still in business, if you can believe it.
Now I'm my only supplier, so I haven't got much, but everything here is top notch.
Patches' Emporium, now open in Raya Lucaria.  
Section 71
You have yourself a discerning eye, I can tell.
That statuette will net you a small fortune, no doubt.
In fact, I'll bet any of those scruffy merchants would leap at the chance to buy it...
(laughs)  
Section 72
Oh, really? No interest in the statuette?
I was sure it would catch your eye.
Well, I can't force it on you, but...
Incomparable craftsmanship, you know. I'd hate to see it go to someone else...  
Section 73
By the way, have you met that girl Rya?
I spotted her somewhere along the highroad not long ago.
She's a strange one, but I believe she was in need of help.
Not that it's any of my business, but...
If she rings your bell, why not lend her an ear?  
Section 74
Looking for Rya? Still hanging around on the high road, I suppose.  
Section 80
Oh, hello. I knew it'd all be fine...
Oh, it's nothing, don't mind me. Welcome to Patches' Emporium!  
Section 81
You're...making your way to the Erdtree, no?
Well I heard something that might help. A special means of reaching your destination.
Have you ever seen an iron virgin?
The clunky contraptions are whirlwinds of sickles and spiked wheels.
...but long ago, they were endowed with a spell of transposition.
And get this. A surviving virgin sits at the bottom of the big waterwheel in the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Its transpositional powers fully intact.
So, right, if you get caught in it on purpose...
It'll chuck you out straight at the base of the Erdtree... Or so I'm told...
Ha ha...ha ha...  
Section 82
Oh yeah, great story isn't it. I'll tell you as many times as you like.
There's a surviving Iron Virgin at the bottom of the big waterwheel in the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
And I heard...if you let yourself get caught in it, it'll chuck you out straight at the base of the Erdtree.
Heh heh...ha ha...  
Section 90
Well, fancy meeting you here.
Hold on, don't you say a word, my friend.
I spoke no lie, not a one.
You were trapped inside a volcano, no mistake,
but the Erdtree was right outside. You just had to spring yourself out.
I'm willing to admit. I could have been more clear.
But I did not lie, and you're perfectly unscathed. All's well that ends well, right?  
3091
Section 01
Oh, erm, hello, yes.
Strange place for a chance encounter, eh?
Thought I could use a rest. Don't mind me, go about your business.
Right, over there, see that? Something's shimmering, I swear.
Heh heh heh...  
Section 02
What is it? Oh, don't mind me. Off you trot.
Right over there, see that? Something's shimmering, I swear.
Heh heh heh...  
Section 10
Oh, my, well, here you are again.
So sorry for that. I meant to warn you, but whoops! There you went.
Despite my best intentions, I've done you wrong, I have.
But here you are, standing tall and proud. All's well that ends well, eh.
And my warning was spot-on, you tell me different!
Stay clear of Volcano Manor, end of discussion.
I heard the brutes there hunt Tarnished like animals.
Mm...heh heh...  
Section 11
You didn't listen last time, but I'm warning you again.
Stay clear of Volcano Manor, end of discussion.
I heard the brutes there hunt Tarnished like animals.
Heh heh...heh heh...  
Section 20
Well, you've joined the Manor, eh?
I don't believe it. Didn't think you had it in you.
And here I thought Rya was barking up the wrong tree...
All good, though. We're on the same side, now.
We'll do good work together.  
Section 21
Oh, and of course, we can do business, if you like.
Patches' Emporium at the Volcano Manor. Specially for you.  
Section 30
Ahh, hello, what impeccable timing.
This is for you.  
Section 31
You're new here at the Manor.
But if you complete the request, you can improve your standing.
Relax, we're old friends. Time's come to pass the torch, right?
Go on, break a leg, then.
Heh heh...  
Section 32
What's the matter? Having trouble nabbing your prey?
Well, I wouldn't go asking for help so soon.
We're not here to make your life easier.
Do you remember your vow to Tanith? To rise against the Erdtree.
Dare I say your heart was never in it to begin with?  
Section 33
You and Diallos both. Perhaps your hearts were never in it to begin with?  
Section 34
You hunted down Tragoth?
Are you certain?
No, it's quite alright, fine work, indeed.
I'll give Tanith the news.
Have some rest, by all means.  
Section 35
Are you surprised? That I belong to the Volcano Manor.
I always hated the gibberish about lost grace and the laughable Two Fingers.
I thought I could lend a hand in unmasking the charade.
Not to mention Tanith has always made me curious.
I guess her master must really be something, cause she's pretty damn smug about it.
Even after announcing her blasphemous ambitions, she still stands proud.
I've never seen a woman quite like her...  
Section 36
Hmph.
Sharper than you seem, aren't you...
I was just holding onto it for you, you know.
Here you go. The reward for hunting Tragoth. All yours.  
Section 50
Now you've gone and killed Rykard?
You scheming little bastard.
You scheming little doxie.
Cripes, you make this nonsense seem, well, less nonsensical...
Perhaps a Tarnished will be Elden Lord after all...
But for now, this Manor is finished.
The demigod beast is slain, and Tanith has lost her head.
A fine mess, but how else could it end when daddy ambition is head over heels courting lady blasphemy.
Heh heh...ha ha...
Well, here I am. Untethered, once again.
Good-bye, my friend.  
Section 51
What is it?
Oh, come to make a parting donation to Patches' Emporium?  
Section 60
Ah, oh, you again...
A shame you had to see me like this...
Ohh, I had a bit of a slip-up, that's all.
I should have stuck to what I know best...
No matter. I know I-I can trust you.
Gullible, yes, but a good soul.
Make certain that Tanith gets this.
Oh, it's nothing, it's just... Makes me sick to see her all bent out of shape.
C'mon, Tanith, back on your high horse, where you belong.  
Section 61
You're able, then?
Then I can rest easy, my friend...  
Section 70
Well, well, well?
Thought you'd just help yourself to a man's personal belongings?
You scheming little thief. The gods demand repentance!
Cough up your coin, all of it!  
Section 71
Hm? Wait, don't tell me, is that you?
Oh, cripes, please, wait!
I surrender! I surrender, I swear!  
Section 72
Do you even hear me? I said "surrender", loud and clear!
No one likes a bull-headed brute!
You'd clobber your old mate, then, would you?  
Section 73
Cripes! Are you dense, mate?
What in the world has gotten into you!
Fine, have it your way. You'll get what's coming.
Don't go thinking I'm a soft touch!  
Section 74
Well, glad to see we're on the same page.
I'd never cross you, not even close.
He he he...  
Section 75
Ahhh...
It's been ages since I've seen you.
I didn't even realise it was you.
Took you for a demi-human, or some such.
You know how it is, just an innocent mistake.
Water under the bridge, eh, back to business as usual?  
Section 76
Hell's bells...
This bandit business is hardly what it's cracked up to be...
Especially if we keep running into the likes of you...
...Maybe I'll set up another shop with the lads...  
Section 77
...Maybe I'll set up another shop with the lads...  
Section 90
Well, finally made it, eh, and just in time.
For the grand reopening of Patches' Emporium.
Where you won't need a refund, 'cause everything is top notch!  
Section 91
Hello, again. Welcome to Patches' Emporium.  
Section 92
Cheers for that.  
Section 93
What, do I have to beg?
Give us a coin or two next time around, will you?  
Section 94
Forgot something on your shopping list?
No trouble to me.  
3092
Section 00
Booze, eh? Good stuff, by the look of it.
But, er, I'm alright, thanks.
As my dear nan used to say, "there's no such thing as a free lunch"...  
Section 01
...  
3098
Section 00
Ngh!  
Section 01
What are you playing at? That bloody well hurts!  
Section 02
What's wrong with you?
It's me, Patches. Patches!
Enough now, stop!  
Section 03
Ugh. Hard of hearing, are we?  
Section 04
Fine, have it your way. You'll get what's coming!
Don't go thinking I'm a soft touch!  
Section 06
Last chance to surrender, mate.
Grovel...and I'll forgive you.  
Section 10
Well... It was bound to happen some day...
What a shit show...  
Section 20
Try not to be so slow on the uptake, eh.  
Section 21
There's a special circle, for rotten thieves like you.  
Section 30
Well, it looks like you've seen the error of your ways.
...
Water under the bridge. Am I wrong?
We'll call it a momentary lapse of judgment. "All's well", as you know.
So, what can I do you for today?  
Section 40
Okay, I can see you mean it.
Consider it water under the bridge.
A momentary lapse of judgment. "All's well", as you know.  
Section 41
So. Do you need something from me?  
3099
Section 00
 
   
Irina of Morne
Section 01
Hello? Is somebody there?
Might I bend your ear for a moment, please.
My name is Irina. I've escaped from Castle Morne, to the south.
The servants there...have rebelled.
I-I can't be sure what it is; my eyesight's been weak since birth you see...
But I swear I heard frightful howling from all over.
My good father secreted me out the castle,
but decided himself to stay. He says it's his duty, as commander.  
Section 02
I understand.
I fear some of the castle's servants are still prowling nearby.
Do take care on the road. I pray your journey comes to fruition.
And if you happen to change your mind...
Please come to see me again.  
Section 03
Hello? Is somebody there?
Ah, you're the one from before, aren't you?
Please, I implore you.
Would you mind taking a letter to my father, at the castle?
My sole wish is that he escape,
even if his honour should be the price.
Please...I just need him to be safe...  
Section 04
Thank you, dearly.
Then please, take this.
...
Deliver it to my father, who remains in the castle, if you please.  
Section 05
Please, if you wouldn't mind. Deliver the letter to my father at the castle.
He can be stubborn, but I'm sure he'll come around.  
Section 06
I...I fear for father's life.
The servants are full wroth. Filled with hatred for every one of us.
They've since come for every one of the companions I escaped with.
They haven't spared a soul.
I fear it's no different at Castle Morne...
Please, I implore you.
Would you mind taking a letter to my father, at the castle?
My sole wish is that he escape,
even if his honour should be the price.
Please...I just want him to be safe...  
Section 10
Hello? Is someone there?
My name is Hyetta, and I'm journeying in search of the distant light.
If I might be so bold as to ask...
Would you donate any Shabriri grapes in your possession to me?
My eyesight has been weak since birth, you see.
I can't tell which way I'm supposed to go next.
But when I eat one of those grapes, I can feel a distant light
in the back of my eyes.
It will lead me, to my true duty, as a Finger Maiden.  
Section 11
Hello? Is someone there?
Would you donate any Shabriri grapes in your possession to me?
I'm on a pilgrimage in search of the distant light.
And when I eat one of those grapes, I can feel the light
in the back of my eyes.  
Section 12
Oh, many thanks to you.
Now I can feel the distant light once more.
You are most kind, indeed.
May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you.  
Section 13
You're not like the others who give me grapes, are you...
They rest their trembling hands upon me.
Howling wordlessly, they gently stroke my eyes.
Their frail fingers, emaciated... Yet still, they give me the grapes.
But you...seem somehow...firmer.  
Section 14
Oh, many thanks to you.
Now I can feel the distant light once more.
That aside, I wonder what Shabriri grapes really are?
Delectably tender and sweet, yet searing...
What a sight they must be to behold.  
Section 15
N-No... That's not possible...
Not all of those people... Their own...
So those noises I heard were...
...
Don't you dare.
Unless you want to die like a dog?  
Section 01
Very well.
Honeyed rays of gold, deliver this spirit.  
Section 02
I swear, there's a blight spreading amongst the Tarnished.  
Section 03
How could this...happen...?
Forgive me, Devin... D-Devin...  
Section 10
Oof!
What's the meaning of this?
Has she bewitched you?  
Section 11
Very well.
Then you are a blight.
A defiler of the Golden Order, and murderer of my brother!
Die! Die! Die!
I'll grind your corpse into that vile wench's rotting remains.
A witch's eternal embrace, just as you wished!  
Section 12
You defiled cretin. My brother is now avenged!  
Section 13
How could this...
Forgive me, Darian... D-Darian...  
3199
Section 00
 
   
Section 10
 
   
Roderika, Spirit Tuner
Section 01
Everyone's...been grafted.
Everyone who came with me. They crossed the sea for me. They fought, for me.
Heh...
Only to have their arms taken. Their legs taken. Even their heads...taken.
Taken and stuck to the spider.
Did you know? If you're grafted by the spider, you become a chrysalid.
It's quite the lark, when you think about it.  
Section 02
You're all on your own, are you?
And heading to Stormveil Castle?
Enticed by the one in the white mask, I suppose. Oh, you've come to be one with the spider?
Well, that makes us two peas in a pod.
But I don't have your courage.
It's scary, you know. Having your arms cut off. Or legs. Or your head.
I want to be like everyone else, but I'm just too scared.
I'm nothing but a craven.  
Section 03
Oh, I know.
Can you take this little one along with you?
Can you take these little ones along with you?
The poor thing deserves someone braver than myself…
And the spirits look rather fondly upon you.
It'll be glad of your company, I think, the little'un.
They'd be glad of your company, I think, the little'uns.
The poor things deserve someone braver than myself…  
Section 05
It was a pleasure to see you.
Oh, can you pass on a message for me, if you see the little chrysalids in Stormveil Castle?
Tell them I love them. And that despite my craven heart, I'm sure I'll be joining their club soon enough.
I'm finally getting the hang of this whole "pain" thing, you know.
Heh heh...  
Section 13
What's this?
A keepsake? From my men?
Oh, goodness me…
I can't…
...  
Section 14
A pleasure to see you.
Did you give the little chrysalids the message?
That I love them. And that despite my craven heart, I'm sure I'll be joining their club soon enough.  
Section 20
They all...believed in me.
They all thought I'd make something of myself. Me! Who can't do anything...
I think I'll head to the Roundtable Hold.
Perhaps I'll find my purpose there.  
Section 21
I think I'll head to the Roundtable Hold.
Perhaps I'll find my purpose there.  
Section 30
Greetings. Nice to see you again.
My name is Roderika. I should have told you sooner.
Isn't this place impressive, though?
The Roundtable Hold, covert quarters of the Two Fingers, and gathering place of champions who vie to become Elden Lord.
I never knew the guidance bestowed upon us Tarnished had such fantastic roots.
Although, it's all a bit much for me, in truth.
I'm still looking for my own purpose.  
Section 32
You're telling me I possess some kind of gift?
I don't believe you. But...
If I do have this talent, and goodness knows it would be my first...
I suppose I should try to hone it. Shouldn't I?
I'll ask Master Hewg to teach me.
Certainly, he does appear intimidating, and holds no love for us Tarnished...
But I know he's trapped here, at the Roundtable Hold... So...
I can tell. He's a gentle soul, underneath it all.  
Section 33
Oh, and…
Please, allow to me to express my thanks.
For giving me that keepsake from my men.
It was as if I was frozen with self-pity. I failed them at every turn.
You have my gratitude. Please, take this.  
Section 34
A pleasure to meet you.
My name is Roderika. I'm a recent arrival.
Isn't this place impressive?
The Roundtable Hold, covert quarters of the Two Fingers, and gathering place of champions who vie to become Elden Lord.
I never knew the guidance bestowed upon us Tarnished had such fantastic roots.
Although, it's all a bit much for me, in truth.
I'm still looking for my own purpose.  
Section 35
It's all a bit much for me, in truth.
I'm still looking for my own purpose.  
Section 36
A pleasure to see you.
Thank goodness you're safe.
I'm still looking for my own purpose.
It's not easy, by any means, but it's what I must do.  
Section 37
If I do have a talent for spirit tuning, and goodness knows that would be a surprise…
I suppose I should try to hone it. Shouldn't I?
I'll ask Master Hewg to teach me.  
Section 40
Good to see you again. Thank you very much!
I have you to thank, don't I? For persuading Master Hewg?
I can happily announce that he has taught me the noble toil of spirit tuning.
I'm as yet unsure of what I might be able to accomplish,
but if I might be any help to you all, I'd certainly like to try.
And if there's any chance to ease the suffering of my dear men who were grafted...
Well, I certainly must try.
Roderika the spirit tuner prentice. Pleased to make your acquaintance.  
Section 50
Greetings.
Are you here for spirit tuning?  
Section 51
I feel like I'm really coming to grips with spirit tuning of late.
I can see how and why immortal essence exists as spirit under the Golden Order.
I can understand their yearnings, what they become drawn to...
Master Hewg said it himself, actually, that I'm no mere prentice any longer.
 
Once again, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. Roderika the certified spirit tuner.  
Section 52
I'd like to ask you a small favour.
Can you take this little one along with you?
Can you take these little ones along with you?
They can't be summoned here.
But the spirits look rather fondly upon you.
It'll be glad of your company, I think, the little'un.
They'd be glad of your company, I think, the little'uns.  
Section 53
I need to warn you about something.
A little while ago someone started lurking in the wing on the opposite side of the roundtable.
And I can hear, from all the way over there...
The howling and wailing of spirits in fear of a curse. I can even hear the repulsive, twisted malison itself...
A plethora of spirits in an unceasing cacophony...
I can't even imagine. How much suffering, inflicted to who knows how many souls...
Not even the grafting caused anything like this to happen...
You should keep your distance.
I know you're strong, but please...  
Section 54
I can hear it from across the wing, past the roundtable...
The howling and wailing of spirits in fear of the curse. I can even hear the repulsive, twisted malison itself...
You should keep your distance.
I know you're strong, but please...  
Section 55
I can't hear them any more; the voices of the spirits cowering from the curse...
I suppose the Dung Eater must have left the Roundtable.
I just pray nothing ill comes of this.  
Section 56
Be on your guard, I beg you.
He's back. The Dung Eater. Again.
I can hear them; the spirits as they howl and lament in fear of the curse.
And worse than ever, the reverberations of the twisted malison itself.
But after all this time, I've started to grasp it now.
I can hear, in the malison, another fearsome Order.  
Section 57
The voices of the tormented spirits are silent again..
But it isn't like last time.
I'm almost certain...the spirits have escaped their confinement.
Did you...have anything to do with it, I wonder?  
Section 60
Take a look around. The Roundtable Hold is burned. Razed to the ground.
The Two Fingers went mad, and the Tarnished have all left.
Myself and Master Hewg are the only ones who remain.
Don't worry, I don't blame you.
I'll continue spirit tuning just the same as before.
Which is why I need your help persuading Master Hewg to leave.
His roots are so knotted in this place.
He won't last much longer if he stays here...
His shackles are broken. He's a free man, now.
It's high time he put the Roundtable behind him.  
Section 61
I see. You're here for some spirit tuning?  
Section 70
Oh, is that right...
So Master Hewg won't listen to you, either.
You have my thanks, regardless.
I'll try and talk him round next time.
I know he was given this great entreaty;
To craft a weapon which could slay a god. Though I can't help but think of it as a curse.
A fearsome curse, put on him by Queen Marika.
And if that's the case, I'm not sure there's anything we can do...  
Section 80
Ah. So it wasn't just me this happened to...
To think he'd forget who you were, as well.
I knew he'd burn himself out, old Hewg.
I think we could talk him into leaving the Roundtable Hold, now.
But maybe it's better that we don't.
It's only proper that we respect his choice to stay.  
Section 81
I'll remain with Hewg.
He made me who I am today.
I'd like to return the kindness, in whatever small way I can.  
Section 82
Please, become Elden Lord.
Hewg was always saying that you were a Lord, to him.
So slay her, with the weapons he smithed.
Slay the god, Marika, who cursed us all.  
Section 90
You're...giving it to me?
I've never had alcohol before...
I'm no longer a child. It's about time I took this step.  
Section 91  
3208
Section 00
You're willing to make me a chrysalid?  
Section 01
Ah, but I'm still a milksop craven...
I can't even govern myself to step beyond the bounds of this ward...  
Section 02
Please. You're only wasting your strength.  
Section 03
I know how you must feel.
But please, I'm not ready.  
Section 04
Or are you like me? You're so far out of your mind with fear...
You've divested yourself of all reason?  
Section 05
Please, stop.
Even if you persist, your fear will not abate.  
Kenneth Haight, Limgrave Heir
Section 01
Hello? Is anybody there?
Someone who might be interested in rescuing the great Kenneth Haight?
Servant to the true Order, and celebrated repudiator of the false!
O Erdtree! Grant me succour!  
Section 03
What are you waiting for? A kiss goodbye?
My fort lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. Take it back for me.
Oh I see. You wish to know the reward?
Fret not, the great Kenneth Haight is known for his considerable largesse.
The celebrations will be lavish indeed, upon the dawn of my fort's retrieval.  
Section 04
Hmph, yes, now allow me to furnish you with a little advice.
I would take great care to avoid Godrick's Tarnished hunts, were I in your shoes.
That depraved lot are obsessed with sacrificing Tarnished like you for the sake of "grafting".
Honestly, Godrick's nothing more than a jumped up country bumpkin. Lord? Don't make me laugh.
First he hid himself amongst the womenfolk to flee the capital, then hid from Radahn in that castle...
Then he insulted Malenia, lost to her in battle, only to lick her boots rather than die like a man.
Has he no shame, the big girl's blouse?
And to think, he's the blood of Godfrey! Last of the golden lineage, though you almost wouldn't know it to look at him.
I almost feel sorry for the chap the more I think of it.  
Section 05
What are you waiting for? A kiss goodbye?
My fort lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. Take it back for me.  
Section 10
Ah, you've come to lend me your aid, have you?
Well, that's very kind, but, um...
No, no. Th-the help is very much appreciated. Even from a Tarnished.
Despite appearances, nobility is no prerequisite to serving the true Order.
You might have heard of me. Kenneth Haight. Next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave.
Young Tarnished, I would have a boon of you.
I want you to take back my fort. It lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood.
A Knight commander from Stormveil took it. A fool, and plumb mad to boot. Simply obsessed with blood!  
Section 14
Hm? What's this, kind sir?
Hm? What's this, fair lady?
Remarkable! The Knight Commander, dead. Already!
A blessing, if ever I chanced upon one.
Fine work, I say, fine work, indeed.
I doubt that it was your intention, but the deed is done, and I commend you.
Now, this is your reward.
Go on, it is yours, for the keeping.  
Section 20
Ah-ha! I've been waiting for you with baited breath!
Did you manage to recapture my fort?
Oh excellent news, just wonderful. And the knight's dead to boot!
Well done my friend, well done indeed!
I knew I was right to trust you!
Now, here's your reward, as promised.
Go ahead, it's all yours.  
Section 21
Right then. Time for me to head to the fort.
I've much to do. First I'll have to reestablish communication with the demi-humans.
What's that look? You don't believe me?
Well, under the Erdtree, commingling with the demi-humans is made possible.
Even the vulgar shall not be left behind, under the rule of true Order.
Which is why I, Kenneth Haight, next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave, have sworn to uphold it.
Just you watch, my friend. Just you watch.  
Section 22
Ah, yes. I've been meaning to ask.
Would you like to enter my service?
I see bright things in your future, stout warrior.
Enter into my service and learn the workings of the Erdtree's true Order.
And who knows, perhaps some time down the line, the grace of gold will return to those Tarnished eyes of yours.
What say you? A fine accord, is it not?  
Section 23
Very well. Very well, indeed.
I knew I saw something in you.
I shall await you at my fort.
We shall hold the ceremony for your knighting there, I think.
I see great things ahead of us. We are truly by the Erdtree blessed.  
Section 24
Excuse me?
Such foolishness have I never seen!
Well...not that I can't sympathise with your choice.
Such a miraculous manifestation of felicity is like to startle one such as yourself.
Should you change your mind, do visit me at my fort.  
Section 25
What is it? Have you put your misgivings to rest?  
Section 26
Well...not that I can't sympathise with your choice.
Such a miraculous manifestation of felicity is like to startle one such as yourself.
Oh don't fret, there's no hurry.
Should you change your mind, do visit me at my fort.  
Section 40
Why...
Why the queen... Now all hope is...
(dies)  
Section 50
Ah, you, is it?
I suppose you must have seen it by now, yes, the sorry state of my fort?
Oh, indeed, it is a foul fate for a land, to be without a ruler.
One must be found, with haste. And not that awful Godrick.
But a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.  
Section 51
I am sorry to have lifted your hopes...
But I haven't the authority to raise you to knighthood as things stand.
The great Kenneth Haight issues his sincerest apology.
But now, I must begin my search post-haste.
For a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.  
Section 52
I must begin my search post-haste.
For a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.  
Section 60
Ah, nice to see you after so long.
Safe and sound, I take it, yes? Good.
Ah, quite. I have indeed selected a new ruler.
Lady Nepheli is strong and just. Worthy of the burden of Limgrave's lineage.
Such is the sincere opinion of I, Kenneth Haight, no less.
For the time being, I share command of the castle with my Lady, but I plan on returning to my fort afterwards.
At which time I can fulfil my old promise.
By raising you to the glory of knighthood.
I hope it is just as wonderful as you imagine.  
Section 61
For the time being, I share command of the castle with my Lady, but I plan on returning to my fort afterwards.
At which time I can fulfil my old promise.
By raising you to the glory of knighthood.
I hope it is just as wonderful as you imagine.  
3218
Section 00
Oof!  
Section 01
Goodness gracious!
Calm yourself, this instant!
Enough! This is madness!  
Section 02
Blast! You wretched Tarnished!
I am Kenneth Haight, and I have seen quite enough!  
Section 03
The madness leaves nothing untouched.
I fear for the integrity of the Order...  
Section 04
Where are my...men...?
O Erdtree, why have you forsaken me...?  
3219
Section 00
 
   
Fia, Deathbed Companion
Section 01
Greetings, great champion called by grace.
I am Fia.
Circumstances have compelled my stay at the Roundtable Hold.
Great champion, would you allow me to hold you, but briefly?
Perhaps you might share with me some of your lifely vigour, and your stout-heartedness.
Doing so will grant me the warmth of a champion.
And you, I am sure, will bear a baldachin's blessing.
Do you think it vulgar, perhaps?
Where I come from, it is a sacred act.  
Section 02
Ah, my thanks, great champion.
You are...very warm...
What you felt light up inside you was a baldachin's blessing.
Though it is but a fleeting thing, I am afraid.
Come back to me, should you require another.
I will take you in my arms as often as you need.  
Section 03
I understand.
Your disdain is only natural.
But should you change your mind...
Come pay me another visit.  
Section 04
Oh, my dear...
Had a change of heart already?  
Section 05
I am pleased to see you again.
Would you like me to hold you, once more?
The blessing is still aflame in your breast, dear.
Would you like to be held, regardless?  
Section 06
Now, come closer...
You are so...very warm...  
Section 07
Then good day to you, my dear.  
Section 20
I was known as a Deathbed Companion, where I come from.
After I received the warmth and lifely vigour from a number of champions,
I lay with the remains of an exalted noble, to grant him another chance at life.
To do so is the purpose of my being.
But before I could bear the noble into new life,
I was awakened by the guidance of grace, and chased from my birthplace.
Pray, be kind.
Despite all that, I still wish to be a Deathbed Companion.
So please, let me hold you like this, as often as it takes.  
Section 21
My dear...
Might I ask something of you?
Could you please find the owner of this dagger, and return it to them?
A certain person gave it to me, as a gift.
It's a very precious thing. It must have a special place in the owner's heart.
So I would like for the original owner to have it back, if you wouldn't mind.  
Section 22
I'd like you to find the owner of the dagger I gave you, and return it to them.
It's a very precious thing. It must have a special place in the owner's heart.  
Section 23
My dear...
Have you ever heard of black knifeprints?
Dear Rogier likes to talk of them when abed.
And the ancient plot, in which the first of the Demigods was slain.
The black knives wielded by the assassins who committed the act,
along with the impressions they made, somehow hide the truth of the conspiracy.
These grand affairs are hardly my forté...
But dear Rogier began to weep as he spoke...  
Section 24
Dear Rogier likes to talk of it when abed.
The ancient plot, in which the first of the Demigods was slain.
The black knives wielded by the assassins who committed the act,
along with the impressions they made, somehow hide the truth of the conspiracy.  
Section 25
I heard that you lent a hand to dear Rogier.
He seemed positively elated.
He must be possessed of great mental fortitude.
It anchors his will, and sustains him, despite his grievous wounds.
You truly are a champion.
To dear Rogier, and myself, too.  
Section 27
In truth I've heard tell from someone else,
about the black knifeprints that fascinate dear Rogier so.
But It wouldn't be right to give this to him, stuck as he is in the Roundtable Hold.
Perhaps you could make use of it?  
Section 30
Finally, it is returned to its rightful place.
The stolen hallowbrand, of the exalted noble.
And now, I must bid you goodbye as well.
Though I ask you deliver this message to the Roundtable Hold.
I am Fia, Deathbed Companion.
Hark, Roundtable. Disturb not the Death of Godwyn, the exalted.
We, who humbly live in Death...
Live in waiting, to one day welcome our Lord.
What right does anyone have to object?
Our Lord will rise. The Lord of the many, and the meek.  
Section 40
Ah...there you are.
I knew you would come.
What is it you intend?
To deny us, and our ways?
Like the dogmatic brutes of the Golden Order?  
Section 41
I see. Then you must kill me.
For I am the companion of Godwyn, Prince of Death.
I wished to be a mother to Those Who Live in Death.
So it is, that any loathing, any hatred that overshadows them...
I must bear, as a matter of duty, with my own flesh.  
Section 42
Go on, kill me.
You deny us, do you not?
Because we deign to live in Death, and wish our Lord to rise to glory.  
Section 43
You are an odd one.
I am the guardian of Those Who Live in Death.
They call me a foul and rotten witch.
Yet you still wish to be held by me?  
Section 44
I will soon lay with Godwyn.
And it will surely stir within me.
the new life of the golden prince, and first Dead of the demigods,
as the rune of Those Who Live in Death.
Please, do one thing for me.
Brandish this child, my rune, and take for yourself the throne.
Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death.
By becoming our Elden Lord.  
Section 45
I will soon lay with Godwyn.
To conceive my child, the rune.
Brandish my rune, and take for yourself the throne.
Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death.
By becoming our Elden Lord.  
Section 46
This is goodbye, my dear.
But I am satisfied.
I choose to lie with Godwyn of my own will. Not the remains of one chosen for me.
And I will bear a child.
Who will inherit your warmth, too.
What greater blessing could there be, but to be born a Deathbed Companion?  
Section 51
Have you ever seen a hallowbrand?
When the first of the demigods died, his flesh was marked with the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
Godwyn's hallowbrand has since been recovered at the Roundtable Hold.
But there is another hallowbrand out there somewhere.
And I must find it.
Before the time comes we receive our Lord.  
Section 52
When Godwyn died, a hallowbrand scored his flesh.
But another exists. Another mark in the shape of the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
And I must find it.
Before the time comes we receive our Lord.
My hands will be dirtied once more by the deed.
Will you still let me hold you, even then?  
Section 53
When Godwyn died, a hallowbrand scored his flesh.
But another exists. Another mark in the shape of the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
And I must find it.
Before the time comes we receive our Lord.  
Section 54
...!
This...is the other hallowbrand.
How did you...
Oh, my utmost thanks.
With this, Godwyn can take his rightful place as First of the Dead.
And claim a second, illustrious life.
You are my-- our true champion.
And though I can't be of any use to you...
Can I hold you tight, if only for a moment?  
3228
Section 00
Godwyn...
Is that you, dear?  
Section 01
Will your kind never stop?
Ravaging...the weak?  
3229
Section 00
 
   
Dung Eater
Section 01
Have you ever felt the curse, with your whole being?
The pox upon life itself, feared and despised by all. The reviled blessing.
...
Apparently not.
You are but a lamb. A stranger to defilement. Ignorant of your own ignorance.
You no longer interest me.
I've been long without peace. Don't spoil my quietude.  
Section 02
I asked you not to disturb me.
Be thankful of the Hold's serenity.
It is all that keeps your death and defilement at bay.  
Section 10
No, wait.
...
You have felt the curse.
I can smell it on you. The pox, yet tender.
Apparently my seedbed is ripe and waiting.
Twas a brief respite, I must say.
Go, and unshackle my corporeal flesh.
Trapped in the sewer gaol, below the capital.
I can kill you, and defile your corpse.
Then the pox will truly be your own.  
Section 11
Go, and unshackle my corporeal flesh.
Trapped in the sewer gaol, below the capital.
I can kill you, and defile your corpse.
Then the pox will truly be your own.  
Section 20
...
Let me out! Let me out of here!
Must eat more! Defile more!
Everything that matters to you!
For generations to come!
I am the Dung Eater!
A scourge upon the living!  
Section 21
Who are you?  
Section 22
I've been here long enough.
I will kill again. And defile each corpse with care.
Just to be sure. That when they're reborn…
They'll be cursed. Along with their children, and their children's children, for all time to come…  
Section 23
I will kill again. And defile each corpse with care.
Just to be sure. That when they're reborn…
They'll be cursed. Along with their children, and their children's children, for all time to come…  
Section 24
I am the Dung Eater.
A scourge upon the living.
I must eat more. Defile more...  
Section 25
Let me out. Let me out of here.  
Section 30
I will kill you, and defile your corpse.
Then the pox will truly be your own.  
Section 31
I'll give you a good blessing.
You'll be nourishment for the pox.  
Section 40
There you are.
You warded off my blessing.
Despite the curse stirring within you.
No one has succeeded in that before.
How? I thought. Then it hit me.
That you are, in fact, me. And I...am the Dung Eater.
It is my flesh that must receive the blessing.  
Section 41
Give me your blessing.
Defile my flesh with the seedbed curse.
Again and again. Until it is done.
Until a cursed ring coalesces, that may one day defile Order itself.
Countless, I have killed. And countless, I have defiled.
And soon the fruits will be borne.
Hundreds will be reborn cursed, and they'll bear thousands of cursed children, who'll bear tens of thousands more.
A few of those will be born just like me, and they'll kill, and defile, and bless in my stead!
The rotten fools. My fate was the grandest, most brilliant of them all!  
Section 42
My corporeal flesh lies in the sewer gaol beneath the Capital.
Give it your blessing. Defile my flesh with the seedbed curse.
Until a cursed ring coalesces, that may one day defile Order itself.  
Section 50
Uur...urgh...
A curse... A curse upon them all.
They'll be born cursed, all of them.
Along with their children, and their children's children, heh, for all time to come…  
Section 51
Uur...urgh...
Curse you, Golden Order.
One day, you'll get what's coming.  
Section 55
Ah...argh...
No... I am... the Dung Eater...
I am...
...  
Section 56
...  
Section 60
...  
3238
Section 00
 
   
3239
Section 00
 
Bless you!
 
   
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Section 01
Oh, this is a rare occasion.
I can't remember the last time a new Tarnished made their way to the Roundtable.
Very well. As your senior, I bid you welcome.
It is safe here. You may let down your guard.  
Section 02
Allow me a word of advice, as your senior.
You are a mere visitor to the Roundtable, nothing more.
A house guest, yet to earn their keep.
Remember your place, newcomer.  
Section 03
There's nothing left to say. Be at your leisure.  
Section 10
What do you need? I have little time to spare.  
Section 11
Oh, are you aggrieved? At the notion you are but a visitant here?
Then you would do well to remember the first words of grace given to you.
Stand before the Elden Ring, and become the Elden Lord.
If those words held any meaning to you...
Follow the guidance of grace, lay low the shardbearers, and claim for yourself a Great Rune.
Do so, and the doors to the Roundtable's inner chamber will open.
And you will receive the wisdom of the Two Fingers.  
Section 12
Once the wisdom of the Two Fingers becomes your own, I'll impart to you a proper welcome.
As a true member of the Roundtable.
I have high hopes for you.
I'm sick and tired of them.
These namby-pamby Tarnished think us no more than a shelter from the rain...  
Section 13
We've spoken long enough. I have matters to attend to.  
Section 15
If you haven't anything to say, I would prefer you didn't pester me for attention.
Try not to make a spectacle of yourself either. Or are you as irredeemably foolish as you appear?  
Section 20
You've received the wisdom of the Two Fingers, have you not?
Then just as promised, I bid you welcome, as a true member of the Roundtable.
I am known as Gideon Ofnir.
As a Tarnished who wishes to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord,
I am accumulating knowledge. To be all-knowing.
You now belong to a select group of fellows. As such, I ask that you remain constant.  
Section 21
You'll be after more Great Runes, now eh?
Then as your fellow, allow me to divulge a little knowledge.
The inheritors of the Great Runes; the shardbearers.
We of the Roundtable know the location of five of them, including the one you defeated.
Godrick the Grafted, Lord of Stormveil.
General Radahn, who fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds.
Praetor Rykard, Lord of the Volcano Manor of Mt. Gelmir.
Morgott the Grace-Given, Veiled Monarch and Lord of Leyndell.
And Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, ruler of Raya Lucaria's Academy.
...You'll still be after more Great Runes, won't you?  
Section 22
So. Godrick the Grafted, Lord of Stormveil.
Despite being the blood of Godfrey, first Elden Lord, he's a grotesque old fool, grasping for power.
His castle lies upon the cliff to Limgrave's northwest.
...but I suspect you know that well enough already.  
Section 23
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior.
He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east.
And now Caelid has been engulfed by the scarlet rot, even approaching the region is no mean feat.
I've heard survivors of Radahn's army are still in the wilds, staving off the rot with fire.
And if it's true, I suspect Radahn is still there as well, in Caelid.
Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...  
Section 24
Praetor Rykard is the Lord of the Volcano Manor on Mt. Gelmir.
He is a ruthless justiciar who commands a company of inquisitors, reviled for his serpentine demeanour.
The volcano, Mt. Gelmir, lies in the west of the Altus Plateau; the realm of the Erdtree.
It was the stage of the most appalling battle in the entirety of the Shattering.
Rykard has committed the grave sin of blasphemy. Marking himself as an enemy, never to be forgiven.  
Section 25
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city.
It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau.
But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there.
Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring.
Set your sights elsewhere for the time being. The Veiled Monarch can wait.  
Section 26
The Academy of Raya Lucaria lies to Limgrave's north, towering over the mist-laden lands of Liurnia.
Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy.
But Rennala herself is no demigod.
She is merely the recipient of an amber egg, given to her by Radagon,
Her beloved, Radagon, left her to become Queen Marika's second husband, taking the title of King Consort.
The Great Rune dwells within the amber egg that was Radagon's gift to her.  
Section 27
There are four more demigods yet to be located.
Miquella of the Haligtree, the Unalloyed.
His twin, Malenia, the undefeated swordswoman.
Lunar Princess Ranni, daughter to Rennala.
And the one only known as the Lord of Blood.
Ranni is said to have cast aside her Great Rune,
so here at the Hold, we seek the whereabouts of the remaining three shardbearers.
If you should learn anything of these matters,
I'll trade your findings for a hidden treasure, or a long-lost rite, known only to me.
We both desire to stand before the Elden Ring, and become Elden Lord.
As such, I hope we are compelled to work together.
I'll trade your findings for something rather special.  
Section 30
Ah, you. What is it?  
Section 31
Well...what is it now?  
Section 32
Well. I see you've found another Great Rune.
Wonderful. You are a worthy fellow Tarnished, indeed.
Make the journey.
To the capital Leyndell, that lies to the east of the Altus Plateau, at the foot of the Erdtree.
The Two Fingers will deny your passage no longer.
You may be our best hope. Find your way to the Elden Ring.
For we are Tarnished. And we must answer the call of grace.  
Section 33
Journey to the capital Leyndell, to the east of the Altus Plateau, at the foot of the Erdtree.
The Two Fingers will deny your passage no longer.
You may be our best hope. Find your way to the Elden Ring.  
Section 35
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior.
He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east.
And by my reckoning Radahn remains there, even now.
Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...  
Section 36
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city.
It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau.
But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there.
Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring.  
Section 37
The Academy of Raya Lucaria lies to Limgrave's north, towering over the mist-laden lands of Liurnia.
Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy.
And her Great Rune dwells within the egg she so dearly clutches.  
Section 38
You've received the wisdom of the Two Fingers, have you not?
Then I bid you welcome, as a true member of the Roundtable.
I am known as Gideon Ofnir.
As a Tarnished who wishes to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord,
I am accumulating knowledge. To be all-knowing.
You now belong to a select group of fellows. As such, I ask that you remain constant.  
Section 40
I understand you've been speaking to Nepheli.
She is my daughter.
I took her in when she lost the guidance of grace.
Though a mere axe-wielding barbarian, her youthful credulity suited my purposes.
So I put her to work.
Do not hesitate to employ her, should her services benefit you.
Despite her looks, she is more than capable in the press of battle.  
Section 41
Ahh, you've already heard?
Indeed, it seemed the whelp harboured suspicions.
So I had no further use for her.
Honestly, what's a man to do.
A determined plebian is more wicked than an Omen horn, quite frankly.
I suspect...that's just what the Queen wants.
A dose of ambition, to incite the Tarnished.  
Section 42
Is that potion what I think it is?
Bloody Seluvis. I suppose he's up to something again.
Oh, I won't interfere. You go ahead and do what you must.
The Roundtable has no code to speak of.
But, I ask you this. Are you really going to do the bidding of that twisted dolly botherer?
Or would you rather hand that potion to me, and see if we can't get one over on the bastard?  
Section 43
Good. I'll dispose of the potion myself.
You go and see Seluvis, but don't give anything away.
Just tell him that you tricked your mark into drinking the potion as planned.
Despite knowing next to bloody nothing, he's so far up his own arse he won't suspect a thing.
His inevitable display of arrogance will certainly be a sight to behold.  
Section 44
Well, I won't force you.
But I think your plan would be a dreadful waste.
She's not herself right now, and though I have no need of her, she still has potential.
Certainly more value than she'd have as a bloody puppet.  
Section 45
I hear you helped get the girl back on her feet.
Though I'm not her foster father anymore, I'd still like to thank you.
Sorry. For the time you had to waste.  
Section 46
Well, I won't force you.
If you want to do that dolly botherer's bidding, that's up to you.
Not that I could fathom why you'd want to...  
Section 50
Oh, my apologies for that nasty business.
Ensha got rather ahead of himself, it seems.
As his master, I'd like to express my regret.
But now, Ensha is slain and gone.
Finished, forever more.  
Section 51
Ah, yes, by way of apology,
allow me to tender some advice, in regard to the half of the secret medallion you possess.
Find the Albinauric woman.
She hides in a cave to the west of the Laskyar Ruins which jut from the mist-shrouded lake of Liurnia,
She knows the location of the medallion's counterpart, I am sure.
together with her great wolf.  
Section 52
Find the Albinauric woman.
She hides in a cave to the west of the Laskyar Ruins which jut from the mist-shrouded lake of Liurnia,
She knows the location of the medallion's counterpart, I am sure.
together with her great wolf.  
Section 53
Ah, yes, by way of apology,
allow me to tender some advice, in regard to the half of the secret medallion you possess.
Find the village of the Albinaurics.
It lies to the southwest of Liurnia, below the Altar clifflands.
And some of the old village folk have hidden the secret medallion's other half somewhere.  
Section 54
Find the village of the Albinaurics.
It lies to the southwest of Liurnia, below the Altar clifflands.
Some of the old village folk have hidden the secret medallion's other half somewhere.   
Section 60
Ahh, I know already. You're after it too, aren't you.
To pass the impenetrable thorns, you seek the forge of the flame of ruin, in the snowy mountaintops of the giants.
Then you need to reach the Grand Lift of Rold, beyond the forbidden region.
Hah, no need to pay me for that gift.
All my knowledge is for the sake of guidance.
That a Tarnished might stand before the Elden Ring, and become Elden Lord.
It doesn't have to be me, my fellow.  
Section 61
If you're heading to the forge of the flame of ruin, in the snowy mountaintops of the giants.
You'll need to find the Grand Lift of Rold, beyond the forbidden region.
I marked your map with its location.
Go, if you would. Take no heed of "cardinal sin".
The Two Fingers lost their purpose a long, long time ago.  
Section 70
Ahh, I see you've laid your hands on the other secret medallion.
I'm glad to see my counsel has borne fruit, but the honour of the deed is yours alone.
You've made more of yourself than Ensha has...
Now, more importantly, both secret medallions are in your hands.
I suppose you'd like to know then? What awaits you on the path ahead?
Me too, my friend, me too. I wait with baited breath.  
Section 71
Ahh, so the secret medallions led you to the land of the Haligtree?
I'd expect to find Malenia there. She who fought Radahn to a standstill.
Well, if the scarlet rot hasn't eaten her away completely.
But...with the Haligtree as it is...
I suppose Miquella must already be...  
Section 72
Ah, my apologies. Lost myself, for a moment there.
The information you've shared is of great value. As promised, your reward:
A hidden treasure, known only to me.
A secret rite known only to me.
You are a true fellow. All I ask is that you remain constant.
And it is a wondrous thing indeed.  
Section 73
So. The Haligtree, now but a husk...
I heard speculation Miquella embedded himself in the Haligtree,
but before he could finish, someone cut the tree open and absconded with his infant form.
Indeed, it seems those words held weight.
How vexing. That the All-knowing didn't have the full story...
Perhaps the Queen's sorrow was justified...  
Section 74
Oh, so that's where the so-called Lord of Blood was hiding himself eh.
A fitting little squat for that deluded maniac to bleat about the revival of his precious dynasty, while he turns our fellow Tarnished into Bloody Fingers.
Let him stay there. That way, his delusions will remain as they are - distant and unattainable.
But perhaps it's worth looking into...
If what I've heard is right, then maybe...  
Section 75
Ahh, I see! So Miquella was with the Lord of Blood after all!
That is some fine intelligence indeed!
With it, the final clue has been brought into the light.
One of the last few pieces the Roundtable-- I need, to put everything together.
As promised, allow me to impart to you
the last of the hidden treasures known only to me.
the last of the secret rites known only to me.
a thing most wondrous, known only to me.  
Section 76
Well, I wonder what comes next...
If he continues his slumber within the cocoon, all would be well.
But perhaps it would be safer to destroy it.
Miquella is the one thing that remains a mystery to me...  
Section 77
You...burned the Erdtree, didn't you?
Then the Roundtable is soon to follow.
Ah, no need to fret about that.
The Roundtable Hold served to put a Tarnished upon the throne of Elden Lord.
And if the Erdtree needed to burn for that to happen,
then the Roundtable must go, as well.  
Section 78
I'll stay at the Roundtable, for a time.
I must learn all that can be taken from this place,
and sear it into my memory.
How could I call myself the All-Knowing, if I did any less?  
Section 79
The pursuit of knowledge is without end, for knowledge is never a thing complete.
Thus, I maintain the mantle of All-Knowing.
Perhaps the same could be said of guidance.
Who's to say whether we'll remain who we are, once the fight is finished?
What do you think, as one who aspires to become Elden Lord?  
Section 80
Ahh, I knew you'd come.
To stand before the Elden Ring. To become Elden Lord.
What a sad state of affairs.
I commend your spirit, but alas, none shall take the throne.
Queen Marika has high hopes for us.
That we continue to struggle. Unto eternity.  
3241
Section 00
You think I don't know what that is?
I have no secrets for you to salaciously gawp at.
You think too little of Gideon Ofnir, the All-knowing.  
3248
Section 00
My fellow, you've fought well, until now.  
Section 01
I know...in my bones...
A Tarnished cannot become a Lord. Not even you.
A man cannot kill a god...  
3249
Section 00
 
Knowledge above all!
 
   
Sorcerer Rogier
Section 01
Ah, nice to meet you.
The pleasure's mine. Rogier's the name. A sorcerer, as you might have guessed.
I'm looking for a little something, here in the castle.
When I'm not hotfooting it from the troops, that is.
But enough about me, what are you doing here in Stormveil Castle?
This place is bristling with Tarnished hunters, you know. They sacrifice our kind, for grafting.
Not exactly a place I'd stroll into without a purpose in mind...  
Section 02
I see. Here to challenge Godrick, and lay your hands upon a Great Rune, are you?
You can see it then, I take it? The guidance of grace.
Well, enjoy it while you can.
I'm Tarnished, like you.
But unlike you, I've seen neither hide nor hair of this guidance for the longest time.
Still, I won't forget how it felt when I first came here, to the Lands Between.
I'm privy to a few magical battle arts.
Would you care to learn one?
As a fellow Tarnished, once guided by grace. I'd love to help you out, if it please.  
Section 03
Oh? Keen to learn another battle art, are we?  
Section 04
Oh hello there, good to see you safe.
Stopping by to learn a battle art or two?  
Section 05
The battle art you've learned is of the glintstone family.
They were conceived at the great Academy of Raya Lucaria, to the north of this castle.
In the past, they obeyed laws which contravened the Golden Order, or so I'm told.
Fascinating, isn't it?
That the Golden Order was pliable enough to absorb practices that contradicted itself in the past.
With the Order broken, twisted, and in need of repair,
such adaptability is more important now than ever.  
Section 06
Of course. I understand.
Why place trust in a perfect stranger?
Be safe, then, stranger.
Watch you don't get sacrificed, eh. I'll do the same.  
Section 07
Oh? Something bothering you?
Or are you just trying to pass the time?
I'm curious how you ended up inside this castle.  
Section 20
Ah, we meet again after all.
I apologise for any offence given by my bearing, but I'm quite unable to move, you see.
So. What do you need?  
Section 21
Ah, you defeated Godrick and claimed yourself a Great Rune.
Mm, looks like we both got we wanted out of Stormveil, didn't we.
Well done, friend.
Something to mark the occasion. Go on, take it.
As you might've guessed, I still can't move. My fighting days are behind me.
No need to be polite, I've no use for it anymore.  
Section 22
The misshapen corpse under Stormveil?
That is a sacred relic. Of the black knives plot. As that famed night of assassination is known.
It happened during the Golden Age of the Erdtree, long before the shattering of the Elden Ring.
Someone stole a fragment of the Rune of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade.
And on a bitter night, murdered Godwyn the Golden.
That was the first recorded Death of a demigod in all history.
And it became the catalyst. Soon, the Elden Ring was smashed, and thus sprang forth the war known as the Shattering.
I once wished to become a scholar, you see. I've spent many an hour scouring the archives for knowledge of that fateful plot.
The world has grown crooked, and if you intend to put it to rights,
You'd better understand what happened to make it this way, mm?  
Section 23
This...is a black knifeprint!
I can scarcely believe you managed to get your hands on this!
You recall our conversation about the Night of the Black Knives, yes?
They say the assassins who carried out the deed were scions of the Eternal City.
A group entirely of women, arrayed in armour of silver under cloaks which fooled the eye.
The knives they wielded though, were imparted with the power of the Rune of Death through sinister rite.
Please, I beg of you, lend me the knifeprint for a time.
I'd love nothing more than to tease out its secrets.
Though only a fragment, a very specific ritual had to be performed to impart the power of the Rune of Death.
Traces of the one who performed the rite are sure to remain in the imprint...
Half my body has been suffused with Death. I'm certain it will help me see.  
Section 24
Oh, still need something?  
Section 26
Always good to see you safe.
So. What do you need?  
Section 27
Ah, so you've met D.
D is an old friend.
We found ourselves journeying together for a time, bound by our exploration of Death.
But our paths have since diverged. Never again to cross.
Though that's hardly an uncommon fate for two friends.  
Section 28
Pleased to meet you.
The name's Rogier. A sorcerer, by trade.
But now I'm in this sorry state.
I had a little mishap, and now I can't move.
As you might guess, it's far from ideal...  
Section 29
Ah, I know.
I'm privy to a few magical battle arts.
Would you care to learn one?
Time can move rather slowly, stuck here, you know.
A little conversation goes a long way.  
Section 30
Ahh, hello. I was hoping to see you.
My examination is complete. Here's the knifeprint back, with my thanks.
Now, I have a fairly good idea who performed the rite upon the blade. The person who orchestrated the Night of the Black Knives.
Lunar Princess Ranni. One of the children born to King Consort Radagon and his first wife, Renalla.
Demigod and sister to General Radahn and Praetor Rykard.
Her's was the name I discovered in the imprint.
Truly, you have my thanks.
But, if I might be so bold, I would also like to ask something more of you.
If Ranni truly is the one who plotted that fateful night,
then she should bear the cursemark of Destined Death somewhere upon her flesh.
I would like you to procure it for me.
And then all will be laid bare. I will have the answers I have sought for so long.
Don't fret, it is entirely in accordance with the guidance of grace.
If you seek to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord,
The answers you find will surely bolster your chances.  
Section 31
I have some idea of Ranni's potential whereabouts.
There's a manor to the north of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
It is the familial home of the Carian royals from whom Ranni descends.
There's been talk of the old royals' vassals gathering there in recent years
Ranni's whereabouts since the Shattering are a well-kept secret. She hasn't been seen even once.
But I suspect she might have returned to the manor in which she was born...  
Section 32
If Lunar Princess Ranni truly is the one who plotted that fateful night,
then she should bear the cursemark of Destined Death somewhere upon her flesh.
Would you be willing to procure it for me?
She may have returned to the manor that is her home.
The Royal Carian residence to the north of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.  
Section 33
I'm afraid there's something I must tell you.
Do you know of Those Who Live in Death?
The very notion of life in death defies the Golden Order.
By D's account, these defiled fiends must be expunged.
But truth be told, I seek the cursemark to save them.
You may find this peculiar,
but I discovered something in my examination of the Night of the Black Knives.
These souls have committed no offence. They have every right to life, only, they happened to touch upon a flaw in the Order.  
Section 34
Yes, indeed.
If D knew what drives me now,
he would surely boil over with rage.
Or perhaps, he would even feel some pity.
But no need to fret, none of that will come to pass.
I can tell a good lie when I need to.  
Section 35
And...that thing is to blame for the shape I'm in now...
I urge the utmost caution. Don't disturb the corpse more than necessary...  
Section 36
Oh? Forgot something, did you?  
Section 37
Alright there. Good to see you safe.  
Section 40
I see...
When Ranni shed her flesh, she shed the cursemark, too.
You know, not everyone would trust such a tale...
But, if she in her current form is nothing more than the living doll you profess...
Then perhaps it's true after all.
Hmm.
Forgive the bluntness of the notion, but...
How would you like to become one of Ranni's vassals?
Ah, only in order to get what we want, of course.
The location of the body which bore the cursemark, which right now I haven't the faintest.
And the best way to find out is for you to enter her service and take a poke around on the sly.
I know you've got what it takes.
Not only are you a superb fighter, but people want to trust you. I've seen it.  
Section 41
Can you become Ranni's vassal to advance our agenda?
While in her service, you'll be able to take a poke around on the sly.
And determine the location of her original body that bears the cursemark.
I realise that I'm asking you to put yourself in grave danger.
But I know you've got what it takes. Quite possibly the only one, in fact.
Not only are you a superb fighter, but people want to trust you. I've seen it.  
Section 45
D was telling me.
That he discovered the mark of the centipede.
The centipede is an ancient symbol of the cursemark.
As long as whoever finds and uses it is not nefarious by nature,
then we may be able to form an alliance.
If only I could speak to them in person.
And if they were like you, all the better.  
Section 46
Hmm. Maybe I should tell you.
Lately, I feel I'm on the precipice...
Of falling into a deep...fathomless slumber.
And I have an inkling it could spell trouble for you, somehow.
So I just wanted to get the apology out of the way, beforehand.
Since you're so scary and all.  
Section 47  
3258
Section 00
Oof!
I fear you are mistaken.
I am no foe of yours, far from it.  
Section 01
This is rather unfortunate.
I don't normally find myself cornered like a rat.
But I have my ways...  
Section 02
No need to grandstand; you're not even on stage.  
Section 03
Well, this is unfortunate.
Couldn't change a thing...  
Section 10
Agh!
I fear you are mistaken.
I am no foe of yours, far from it.  
Section 11
If you think I am helpless,
you are quite mistaken, I'm afraid.  
Section 12
If this doesn't cause you shame, nothing will.  
Section 13
Well, this is unfortunate.
Couldn't change a thing...  
Section 20
 
   
3259
Section 00
 
   
Section 10
 
   
Section 20
C-curse...m-mark
Fi…a's… fi…a's…
T-to... G-god... wyn  
Recusant Bernahl
Section 01
Not seen you before.
Name's Bernahl. Tarnished, just like you.
Let me ask you something.
Are you here in the Lands Between to take up the fight?
Does your faith in the guidance of grace hold firm,
despite the collapse of the Golden Order?  
Section 02
Yes, you're a Tarnished through and through.
Takes me back, but that's a quality needed now more than ever.
Any interest in bearing the torch, of my battle arts?
All I know is the sword. Picked up a fair few tricks in my time, too.
Now's the time to pass 'em on. To a good and proper Tarnished, like you.  
Section 03
Oh, not had your fill, eh? Worry not, I've enough to keep you busy.  
Section 04
Ah, hello. Glad to see you safe.
Here to learn a battle art or two?  
Section 05
There's a myriad of battle arts in these lands that I've yet to discover.
Mementos of all the warriors who raised their arms in battle, lost, and died.
A fine tale, all told, of true chivalric romance.
That's how I fell in love with the sword, and the arts of combat.
It grants meaning even to falling in battle, to death itself.  
Section 06
Honest to a fault, I see.
Such thoughts won't behove you, as a Tarnished.
But there's nothing wrong with that.
Any interest in bearing the torch, of my battle arts?
All I know is the sword. Picked up a fair few tricks in my time, too.
Now's the time to pass 'em on. To a good Tarnished, like you.  
Section 07
Not floating your boat, eh?
Well, there's no rush. Knowledge of the arts can wait another day.  
Section 08
There you are. Decided to bear the torch of my battle arts?  
Section 09
Well, until we meet again.  
Section 10
You...
What in heaven's name are you doing here?
The Volcano Manor is a pit of recusants who spit at grace and hunt our own kind.
I hope you understand the weight of my words.  
Section 11
Well. As long as you understand what you're saying.
I thought you a Tarnished bred by virtue.
Perhaps playing that part led you to your doubts, I wonder.
But know that the path you walk is blasphemy, and leads only to a miserable death.
Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.  
Section 12
This blasphemous path leads only to a pitiful death.
Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.  
Section 13
So. You've bloodied your sword in the hunt.
Then I shall introduce myself once more.
Bernahl, a recusant, just like you.
Recusants have particular battle arts, styled to our methods of slaughter.
Why not add some to your repertoire?  
Section 14
Oh, not had your fill, eh?  
Section 15
You're still alive, I see.
Why not learn another battle art, see if we can't keep it that way.  
Section 16
You've come to understand, now, eh?
To take power and make it his own,
The recusant must hunt his own kind.
To raise the flag of revolt against this sanctified pillaging,
We recusants must become the most wretched of predators.
All you can do is laugh.  
Section 17
Look at you. A recusant through and through.
I knew you had it in you.
Take this.
A special invitation, to hunt some of the first Tarnished who sat at the Roundtable Hold.
If you should accept, I'll next see you on the field of battle.  
Section 18
Ah, I had hoped you'd soon return.
I have the reward from Lady Tanith.
Take it. It's yours, by right.
Let us tread the path of the recusant together.
Till we reach the miserable death that awaits us.  
Section 20
So. You killed Rykard?
I harbour you no ill will. The strong take. Such is our code.
Even he was prepared to meet a wretched end when he first took blasphemy unto his very flesh.
But anyroad, the Volcano Manor is no more.
Though we may yet fulfil an old promise.
We hunted our own kind, and took what was theirs.
And with everything in hand, the time has come to rise, against the Erdtree.  
Section 21
O Greater Will, hear my voice.
I am the recusant Bernahl, inheritor of my brother's will, and you will fall to my blade.
We refuse to become your pawns. Consider this fair warning.  
Section 30
Who are you?
And what in heaven's name are you doing here?
The Volcano Manor is a pit of recusants who spit at grace and hunt our own kind.
I hope you understand the weight of my words.  
Section 40
Well. As long as you understand what you're saying.
You have harboured doubts from the very beginning.
Perhaps this day was always lurking on the horizon.
But know that the path you walk is blasphemy, and leads only to a miserable death.
Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.  
Section 41
Then you must leave immediately.
Those with weak stomachs have no place here.  
Section 42
I thought I told you to leave.
Or do you claim to understand?
What it means to be a recusant, renouncing grace and hunting down one's own.  
Section 43
Well. As long as you understand what you're saying.
But know that the path you walk is blasphemy, and leads only to a miserable death.
Before you consider hunting any of your own kind, think on that.  
3261
Section 00
Oh, a brew, is it?
Thanking me for the battle arts?
You're one of the good ones. Thank you.  
Section 01
Oh, a brew, is it?
Fitting, I suppose.
For a recusant already drunk on blasphemy.  
Section 02  
3268
Section 00
Agh!
What's wrong with you?
I won't say it twice. Stop this.  
Section 01
I suppose I have no choice, then.
Is this what grace would have of us?  
Section 02
Dog eat dog, once again. A sad lot, we Tarnished.  
Section 03
You are an enigma, to be certain.
The Volcano Manor awaits you.  
3269
Section 00
 
   
Miriel, Pastor of Vows
Section 01
You're Tarnished, aren't you?
I welcome you, to the Church of Vows.
I am Miriel, steward of this sacred chamber.
My apologies, for the unseemly state of affairs.
Do you know the origin of this place?
How it came to be known as the Church of Vows?  
Section 02
Well, that is a shame. But who can blame you?
The Shattering has caused us - all of us - to lose sight of something very dear.
It is here, at the Church of Vows, that the great houses of the Erdtree and the Moon were joined.
By the matrimonial bond between red-haired Radagon and Rennala of the Full Moon.
And so, our church holds in view the monuments of both houses.
The Erdtree of the Capital, and the Academy of Raya Lucaria.  
Section 03
Oh, was there something you needed?
You are free to show yourself around.
I would serve as your guide, only my legs aren't what they used to be...
If you find anything of use, you are free to take it with you.
Unless perhaps you are in search of instruction?
In which case, I will share all that I know.
Whether it be sorcery or incantations, learning should not fetter you to one side or the other.
This is, after all, a church celebrating the union of two such opposed practitioners.  
Section 04
Is there something else?  
Section 10
Greetings. Do you need anything?  
Section 11
Do you possess any celestial dew?
Then I would like to share my knowledge with you.
Concerning the miracle of this Church of Vows.
Radagon once cleansed himself with celestial dew,
repented his territorial aggressions, and swore his love to Rennala.
The Order of the Erdtree and the fate of the moon were conjoined, and all the wounds of war forgiven.
This miracle blesses the church to this day.
And so, you need only follow Radagon's example,
to restore any bond, however strained or severed, to its rightful state of harmony.  
Section 12
My faith does not waver.
The miracle rooted in these grounds will, once again, mend the world.
And this time, its bounty will not be squandered.
If you would be Elden Lord, Tarnished,
I hope that you, too, will share my faith.  
Section 14
Are you taking the sword with you?
Oh, fear not, I don't wish to chide you.
Clearly, you are no conniving thief.
The sword is telling us something, no doubt.
Rather than collect dust in the shadows underground,
it yearns to be wielded by your rightful hand.
Ah, now I recall.
As the priest of the Church of Vows, I undo the sword's seal, and bequeath it unto you.
May you hold it high and proud.  
Section 20
Are you quite finished?
Take this opportunity to learn to master your emotions.
Worry not, I take no offence. But others are not always so forgiving.
Some take to anger, others sorrow... Bonds are fragile things, wont to break under strain.
And once they're broken, everything is lost, with naught to gain.  
Section 21
Are you quite finished?
I suppose my ample frame must have given you quite the fright.
Allow me to introduce myself. Miriel, steward of this sacred chamber.
My apologies, for the unseemly state of affairs.
Do you know the origin of this place?
How it came to be known as the Church of Vows?  
Section 22
Are you quite finished, now?  
Section 31
To experience the miracle, kneel in the basin at the back, and cleanse yourself with celestial dew.
Absolution will be yours. Any bond, no matter how strained, or even severed, will be put to rights.  
Section 33
Ah, I see you have undergone absolution, the miracle that blossoms from these grounds.
Good. As such, the bond you may have strained or severed...
Has been restored, to its rightful state of harmony.
Be mindful, not to take for granted...
the serenity restored by this miracle.
And take care. Never to break a bond again.  
Section 50
You wish to know more of Lord Radagon?
Lord Radagon was a great champion, possessed of flowing red locks.
He came to these lands at the head of a great golden host, when he met Lady Rennala in battle.
He soon repented his territorial aggressions though, and became husband to the Carian Queen.
However. When Godfrey, first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between,
Radagon left Rennala to return to the Erdtree Capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and King Consort.
Taking the title...of second Elden Lord.
The mystery endures, to this day...
As to why Lord Radagon would cast Lady Rennala aside...
And moreover...why a mere champion would be chosen for the seat of Elden Lord...  
Section 51
You know, it's said that Lord Radagon harboured a secret...
A famed sculptor of the Erdtree Capital was once summoned to render Lord Radagon's likeness in giant stature.
When he glimpsed the skeleton in Radagon's closet.
And as such, it's said the great statue harbours his secret too.  
Section 52
You wish to know more of Lady Rennala?
She is Queen, head of the Carian royal family, and governor of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
The great and beautiful Full Moon Witch.
Sadly, her heart was broken when Lord Radagon left her.
And then, when the academy rebelled against the royals, she was locked away in the grand library.  
Section 53
In the end, Lady Rennala was left alone, cradling the amber egg Lord Radagon bequeathed her.
Now she devotes herself to it through forbidden rite;
the grim art of reincarnation.
You would do well to remember...
Severing a vow, strongest of bonds, has consequences ever more dire.  
Section 60
Why, this is nectar, is it not?
And you're giving it to me?
Oh, wonderful, just wonderful.
Truth be told, I'm rather fond of the stuff.
I'll happily take it off your hands!  
Section 61  
3301
Section 00
Oh, what have we here?
Very well, let us both learn together.
Heresy is not native to the world; it is but a contrivance.
All things can be conjoined.  
3308
Section 00
Mngh!  
Section 01
Stop it, please.
My flesh is akin to stone.  
Section 02
I cannot be wounded. I cannot die.
But nor will I cause any harm unto you.
Cease your futile efforts.  
Section 03
Well, aren't we determined.
...  
Section 04
...  
Section 05
Aaa...aaargh!  
Blackguard
Section 01
What are you lookin' at?
You trying to start something, mate?  
Section 02
Oh, that necklace what you're after, is it?
Hmm, well…
Show me what it's worth to you,
and I'll consider parting ways with it.
I'm not in love with it or nothing.  
Section 03
You're a shrewd one, chief.
First, you hand me the runes. And don't try nothin', neither.
Hmm...
Alright. Take it.
Thing's no damn use to anyone, anyway.
Your bloody idea, mate. Don't come crying to me later.  
Section 04
Oh piss off, what is it now?
Oh, I see. You want some of me prawn?
Freshly cooked, it is.
Alright then. It's yours, if you can meet me price.
I could be persuaded to sell you some other bits too, if you've got the runes.  
Section 05
What the hell is wrong with you.
You trying to start something?
Piss off. Before I crack you in 'alf.  
Section 06
This bloody swine...
Decided to play ball now, 'ave you?
You'll be wantin' the necklace, then?  
Section 07
Think you're bloody clever, do ya?
Then how about you piss off?
fore I crack you in 'alf.  
Section 10
Marika's tits, you must be 'ungry.  
Section 11
Alright mate. Want some more prawn, do ya?
Alright mate. Still 'ungry, are ya?  
Section 12
Never met someone with a taste for prawn I couldn't trust.
We'd make good mates, I reckon.
I'll be seeing ya.  
Section 15
Oh, so you met the girl, did ya?
Alright, well, sod the particulars of the matter,
But it ain't my fault she's stupid enough to get duped, is it.
Anyway, she ain't all right, that one.
Lucky she ain't died on the bloody roadside, I reckon.  
Section 16
You're Tarnished too, ain'tcha?
Can you see it then? The guidance of grace, I mean.
I can't see it at all no more.
Makes no bloody sense anyway, why some no-name shithead like me should get called to the Lands Between.
Cruel bloody joke, you ask me.
Maybe something went tits up with it. Maybe... it's been broke for a good long time.
The Erdtree, I'm sayin'.  
Section 17
You what? Sod the particulars, mate.
Ain't my fault people are so bloody stupid, is it?
Don't like that it's stolen? Don't sodding buy it..  
Section 20
What are you lookin' at?
Oh...you again, is it.
Perfect bloody timing, actually.
I got crab, cooked up fresh.  
Section 21
Marika's tits, you must be 'ungry.  
Section 22
Alright mate. Want some more crab, do ya?
Alright mate. Still 'ungry, are ya?  
Section 23
Never met someone with a taste for crab I couldn't trust.
We've got a real thing here, eh, and it's only gettin' better.  
Section 25
Mate, there's somethin' I should probably tell ya.
You 'eard of the Dung Eater?
E's a madman, 'as it out for everyone. Curses 'em. Goes 'round in this rank armour, an' all.
You see 'im though, stay well away.
I was in the same gaol as him, once, so I know first 'and.
E's a god-forsaken monster. Not just some petty thug like me.  
Section 26
E's a killer. Kills people and curses their souls...
Does all sorts of shit to their corpses, to keep 'em cursed, forever.
I ain't seen nothin' more disgustin' in all my years.
I ain't ever been more scared, neither. Rooted to the bloody spot...
While 'e did all that, to my friend...  
Section 27
Yeah...and now I seen it 'ere, again.
Never thought I would. What 'e does to those bodies.
It was... It was 'im, no question.
That monster. He's lurkin' round 'ere.  
Section 30
Heh...serves me right.
Fitting bloody end, for a jumped up little shit with big ideas...  
Section 31
Help me out, would ya, mate...
I don't wanna get cursed. Just let me die...
I don't wanna live like this...not anymore...
So, please...
...  
3318
Section 00
Oof!  
Section 01
What's your blinkin' problem!
You don't mess with Big Boggart, mate.  
Section 02
That bitch put you up to this, eh.
Damn it! I'll rip you to shreds!  
Section 03
Not scared, are ya.
Damn it! I'll rip you to shreds!  
Section 04
You feel that, eh?
That's the fists of Big Boggart.  
Section 05
Goddamn it.
Why ain't it me, why ain't it ever...  
3319
Section 00
 
   
3320
Section 01
Someone, please, kill him...
That horrendous serpent... Praetor Rykard...  
Section 02
Mm, you're Tarnished.
Here to put the demigods to the sword.
Then please. Kill the great serpent.
The one that devoured Praetor Rykard.
I left the serpent-slaying spear in the Lord's Chamber.
Worthy Tarnished, brandish the spear, and run him through.
The great serpent...that unspeakable monstrosity.  
Section 03
Praetor Rykard's ambitions, though blasphemous, marked him a worthy sovereign.
But they were reduced to gluttonous depravity, once he gave himself to the serpent.
Whatever that thing is, it is no longer Praetor Rykard.
Someone must kill him.
To spare him, and his ambitions, from further dishonour.  
Section 04
Worthy Tarnished. I left the serpent-slaying spear in the Lord's Chamber.
It is the only thing that can kill that horror.
Run it through. The great serpent...that unspeakable monstrosity...  
Sorcerer Thops
Section 01
You're Tarnished, aren't you?
Then, perhaps you could spare some runes?
Believe it or not, I studied glintstone sorceries at the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
For a small donation, I'd be happy to share my knowledge.  
Section 02
Well, bless you, bless you.
You are a true saint.
My name is Thops.
Presuming you're interested, I can teach you sorceries, as promised.
Only, none of them are particularly great...  
Section 03
Back to learn another?
Wonderful. You're most welcome, to any of my anaemic little spells.  
Section 04
Back to learn another?
Why, of course.  
Section 05
Well, I can't blame you, I suppose.
But, in the case that you do change your mind,
just speak up, loud and clear.  
Section 06
Oh, there you are.
Care to donate a few runes?
Believe it or not, I studied glintstone sorceries at the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
For a small donation, I'd be happy to share my knowledge.  
Section 20
Apologies, friend.
I'm afraid my meagre sorceries are no match for your generosity.
Oh, right.
I can tell you what I know about this place. That should help a bit.
You've seen that structure to the north, towering over the water?
That's the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Where we study glintstone sorceries.
Only, its doors have been closed for quite some time now.
After they declared they wouldn't interfere with the Shattering,
the academy cast repelling seals on the east gate leading to the Capital and the south gate leading here.
As you might have guessed, the seals are still active,
making entry to the academy impossible without a glintstone key.
And so I'm stuck here. A fledgling sorcerer, with little chance of acquiring a key.
When they cast the seals, I'd just popped out, and now I'm uprooted from my place of learning.  
Section 21
Why not find yourself a glintstone key?
Without one, you can't pass through the academy,
and you'll never reach the Erdtree Capital.
And if you find an extra glintstone key, perhaps...
Once you've tied up all your loose ends - and I can be very patient -
would you consider donating it to me?
I know it. I'm a bluntstone. Nary a hint of talent for sorcery.
But still, my place is at the academy...  
Section 22
Oh, one more thing... Beware the Albinaurics...
...accursed souls born of a forbidden rite of the Eternal City.
The curse withered the legs of the old, and silenced the tongues of the Frogs.
And now they hold deep grudges for anyone left untouched.  
Section 23
Thank you, kind soul.
For learning my paltry sorceries.
I never imagined that a bluntstone like myself would have the chance to play teacher.  
Section 24
Are you certain?
You're willing to give your glintstone key to me?
…My oh my!
Thank you, thank you dearly.
Now I can go back to the academy.
To resume my study...of glintstone sorceries, and the very stars.
...  
Section 25
You've taken an apprenticeship with Sellen?
Well, that is something.
Sellen was well known. The most promising sorceress in the history of the academy.
I followed her at school, but there may as well have been an ocean between us.
But Sellen was expelled from the academy.
Accused of unthinkable treatment of certain sorcerers, under the name of the Graven Witch.
I still don't believe the accusations.
The illustrious Sellen would never do such things...  
Section 26
Find yourself a glintstone key.
Without one, you can't pass through the academy,
and you'll never reach the Erdtree Capital.  
Section 30
Well, what's this?
For me, is it? But surely, that's a passing fine brew?
My meagre sorceries hardly warrant such a reward.
Oh, bless you.
I'll save it for a special occasion.
I may never have another drink like it for as long as I live.  
Section 31
...  
Section 40
So, you've found yourself a glintstone key.
But I certainly can't take it from you.
That key belongs to you.
By rights, you should use it for yourself.
It's true, I wish to return to my place of study.
But that's no excuse to impose upon others.
Ah...is this why bluntstones always finish last?  
Section 41
Head to the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Carry on with your journey. Press forward with your fight.
Don't bother holding yourself up for my sake.  
Section 51
Thank you dearly.
With your blessing, I will depart for the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Perhaps, one day, you'll pay me a visit?
Who knows, I may be a decorated sorcerer by then!
Ha ha!  
3331
Section 00
Oh, did I not mention?
I'm a bluntstone. I don't even have a pebble's worth of power.
So I'm afraid I can't help you decipher the scroll.
I'm sorry I'm so useless. I truly am.  
3338
Section 00
Ow!  
Section 01
What's wrong with you?
Stop that, now. Please.  
Section 02
There's no getting through to you, is there.  
Section 03
...
Why on earth...  
Section 04
Oh, Raya... Lucaria...
The home of my studies...  
3339
Section 00
 
   
Nepheli Loux, Warrior
Section 01
Be proud. You were a fine warrior.
Your only mistake was your choice of master.
Let the winds lift you, to a higher place.  
Section 02
Well, who do we have here?
Tarnished, are you? Clearly not one of Godrick's lot.
I am Nepheli Loux. Tarnished and warrior, like you.
I'm here by decree of my father.
How utterly repellant this is.
This "grafting" of Godrick's ill befits a Lord.
He's tainted the very winds.  
Section 03
If you intend to challenge Godrick,
I ask you call upon me.
The winds run foul with his deeds.
I'm certain father would permit me aid the fight.  
Section 04
Apologies, but I've idled long enough.
As fellow Tarnished we must each follow our own guidance.
Down whatever road takes us to the throne of Elden Lord.  
Section 10
You again...
I thought you'd receive a summons to the Roundtable.
Nepheli Loux. We met at Stormveil.
I'm glad to see you here. I have something for you.
I found it in Godrick's grafting grounds.
You defeated him. You should have it.
Make good use of it.
I don't intend to make a habit of scavenging corpses.
You again...
I thought you'd receive a summons to the Roundtable.
Nepheli Loux. We met at Stormveil.
I'm glad to see you here. I have something for you.
I found it in Godrick's grafting grounds.
You were the one to defeat him, I would hazard?
Make good use of it.
I don't intend to make a habit of scavenging corpses.  
Section 11
Ah, yes.
I wonder if you've met my foster father?
He's in his study. The room Ensha's guarding just over there.
If you haven't already, I advise you introduce yourself.
Father is leader of the Roundtable.
I'm sure talking to him will be worth your while.  
Section 12
It's about time I headed off.
I'll see you again, warrior, should the fates deign it.  
Section 18
You again...
You received a summons to the Roundtable?
Nepheli Loux. We met at Stormveil.
The pleasure's mine, as a fellow Tarnished, guided by grace to the Roundtable Hold.  
Section 19
Oh, hello.
I've not seen you here before.
I am Nepheli Loux. Warrior.
Here by decree of my father.
The pleasure's mine, as a fellow Tarnished, guided by grace to the Roundtable Hold.  
Section 20
Is that some kind of medicine?
One that affects the heart, I'd wager.
If it's what I think, I have no need of it.
I am a warrior.
I need no external aid.
Not to brave the horrors of battle. Nor to bolster my resolve.  
Section 30
Oh, it's you...
Well, what do you make of it? What's happened to this village?
I witnessed a sight much the same, in my infancy.
The oppression of the weak. Murder and pillage unchecked.
A waking nightmare, made by men.  
Section 31
But this time, I'm a woman grown.
And though the suffering cannot be undone, I can still mete out justice.
Justice to the oppressors.
Let the scars I carve remind them. I am Nepheli Loux. Warrior.  
Section 40
Ah, you...
Please, leave me be.
It's pathetic, I know, but I...need to think.  
Section 41
...So you know already, do you?
Right. It's true. My father cast me out.
For indulging my emotions. Forgetting the mission. Punishment for offing his pawns.
Father...rather, Lord Gideon has offered me guidance all my life.
I would have done anything for him, to place him on the throne of Elden Lord.
And yet I... Though it was not my intent...
I betrayed him...  
Section 42
I...can no longer trust in father...
To think he'd order his men to enact such tragedy...
Where is the justice he purports, in that?
He once told me that if he became Elden Lord,
he would never allow the downtrodden to be cheated ever again.
Was he simply lying to me?  
Section 43
No, no, no...
How could I say that?
Father has always given me his guidance...
And now...I've lost it...
...  
Section 50
Medicine, is it?
Fine. I'll take a dose. Perhaps it'll do me some good.
...
It's very sweet...isn't it...
And very...very...
...  
Section 60
Is that ash?
I can smell the ancient storm in it...
My thanks. I'll gladly take it.  
Section 61
I'm...not like Roderika.
I don't feel the presence of spirits, let alone see them.
Still, this ash..
It reminds me of my first hawk.
Thank you.  
Section 62
In this ash, I can smell the ancient storm.
It reminds me of my first hawk.  
Section 70
It's been some time.
I must thank you, for your aid.
I told father I would be with him no longer.
I remembered the vow I took when I first became a warrior, so many moons ago.
This land is much like the one from which I hail.
I will call upon the storm, to drive away the foulness that has settled on the winds.  
Section 71
Again, I am Nepheli Loux. Warrior.
Some call me by the title of Lady, but I remain the same woman underneath.
Though I have now abandoned my former guidance.
I cannot express how much you've helped me.
Should you become Elden Lord.
I would gladly lighten your burden.  
Section 72
Farewell, fellow warrior.
I will remain, to summon the storm.
But your guidance, and your fight...
Surely lie elsewhere.  
Section 73
I will remain, to summon the storm.
But your guidance, and your fight...
Surely lie elsewhere.  
3348
Section 00
   
Section 01
What do you intend?
Such conduct ill befits a warrior.  
Section 02
I see. You are but a simple villain.
Let the scars remind you; this lesson comes from Nepheli Loux!  
Section 03
You wouldn't even register as a threat to father.
Hurry up and die.  
Section 04
Father... I am slain.
Please...become Elden Lord...  
3349
Section 00
 
   
Reeling Rico
Section 01
Hm.
A new face, are you?
Well, while you're here. Have you, too, been seduced by the good lady alcohol?
Perhaps you've heard of dreambrew, the nectar of the demigods, once forbidden to we mortals?
Well, believe it or not, I know just how to make it.
And if you were to help me gather its ingredients,
I'd gladly share some with you.
The Lands Between are no kind place for we Tarnished.
And I'm getting too old to keep scavenging corpses on the battlefield...  
Section 02
You'll help me then?
Wonderful! Music to my ears.
Then take this with you.
That, is St. Trina's Crystal Ball.
It can be used to take slumber fog from those submerged in deepest sleep,
those merry fools sunk so low they will not awaken.
Dreambrew, I should say, is a special filtration of slumber fog.  
Section 03
Go ahead and bring me some slumber fog, my compeer.
About two should do it, by my reckoning...
About three should do it, by my reckoning...
About four should do it, by my reckoning...
About five should do it, by my reckoning...
About six should do it, by my reckoning...
And then I'll have enough dreambrew to share.
Drink is a wonderful teacher. Imbibe and you will understand; this world's delights, and its futility.  
Section 04
You what? You hardly know what you're missing out on.
Well, suit yourself. But I'm sure you'll be after a drink before long.
Perhaps you'll tire of this crumbling world...
Or maybe you'll wish to uncover someone's deepest, darkest secrets...  
Section 05
What? Taken an interest in the finer things, after all?
Like dreambrew, the nectar of the demigods, once forbidden to we mortals?
Well, believe it or not, I know just how to make it.
And if you were to help me gather its ingredients,
I'd gladly share some with you.
What do you say?  
Section 10
Ah, I've been eagerly awaiting your return.
How did you fare? Find any slumber fog?  
Section 11
Hmm, not quite enough.
As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need two doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts.
As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need three doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts.
As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need four doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts.
As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need five doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts.
As I said, if you'd like me to share some dreambrew with you, we'll need six doses of slumber fog, or thereabouts.  
Section 12
I see, I see. You have what I asked.
All splendid fogs of superior quality. Sediment firmly settled, mm.
Good work, my compeer.
Here's the dreambrew I promised. All yours.  
Section 13
Bring me more slumber fog, my compeer.
Do so, and I'll have a bottle of dreambrew with your name on it.  
Section 14
Allow me a little advice, my compeer.
Dreambrew is known to drag people's secrets into the daylight.
If that's what you seek, rather than the usual fleeting pleasures,
Then treat them to some dreambrew.
Secrets are like fine wine. The longer they mature in the dark, the richer the flavour...
Know that, and all will be as you desire. Friendship, rule, intrigue...  
Section 15
Did you forget something?  
Section 16
Oh, hello there.
Have you brought me some more slumber fog?  
Section 17
You certainly have a taste for spirits.
I'm sure I'll be seeing a lot more of you.  
Section 18
...  
Section 19
...
...  
Section 20
As you surely know, my compeer, I am but a humble man of the cloth.
And I must profess, the study of alcohol is but another form of worship.
Oh, St. Trina. My faith is in alcohol, and the hearts of men.  
Section 30
Ah, good to see you.
I heard the path to the Haligtree had been reopened.
So I forced these old bones to weather the journey.
Don't tell me it was you who opened the passage?
Nevertheless, it's rather nippy in these lands, eh.
But there's nothing like a good drink to warm the cockles...  
Section 31
Did you need something else?  
Section 32
Oh it's, good, good to see you.
I think I was about to freeze solid.  
Section 33
...  
Section 34
...
...  
Section 40
You know, a holy personage was once abducted from these lands.
Thus I am here in search of clues that might unravel the mystery.
The abductor's bloody footprints are said to have disappeared in the Forest of Ancient Bowers.
Hm? That's quite a face you're pulling...
Need I remind you? Though I am but a humble man of the cloth,
each of us has our secrets, my compeer.  
Section 41
You know, a holy personage was once abducted from these lands.
Thus I am here in search of clues that might unravel the mystery.
The abductor's bloody footprints are said to have disappeared in the Forest of Ancient Bowers.  
Section 50
Finally, I have found it!
St. Trina's, no, Lord Miquella's cadaver.
I have partaken of untold secrets.
Such that I might aid you, O Lord.
So please, I hope you can welcome your humble servant Rhico,
Into your dream, the world of your heart.
Indeed, I beg you grant my wish,
That when you transcend from empyrean to god, allow me a place by your side.  
Section 51
I have partaken of untold secrets.
Such that I might aid you, O Lord.
So please, I hope you can welcome your humble servant Rhico,
Into your dream, the world of your heart.  
Section 60
...  
3351
Section 00
Oh ho, are you asking me to partake?
Well, I haven't got a clue what to think.
Is this outright impudence? Simple callousness? Or genuine kindness, I wonder?
...
Well, what matters it? I'll take some, regardless.
You couldn't possibly fathom the secrets I possess, my compeer.  
Section 01
...  
3358
Section 00
...
Have you lost your marbles?
You do know I'm merely a beggar.
I've nothing left to give.  
Section 01
Haven't you Tarnished any respect?
For those who came before you.  
Section 02
Well, that knocked the wind out of me.
The perfect time to try that special reserve…  
Section 03
You base, facile, uncharitable bastard…
You're beyond help, my compeer…  
3359
Section 00
 
   
3370
Section 01
Welcome, dear guest.
After being out there, it must be quite surprising,
to see our capital, cradled by the Erdtree, showered by an eternal wellspring of grace.
The sights, the sounds, the luscious scents. Each precisely as they should be. Each eternal.  
Section 02
Oh?
I didn't notice that you were Tarnished.
...
Now, you mustn't take this the wrong way.
But you must leave the capital at once.  
Section 03
It is for your own good, I assure you.
All things have their proper place.
We, having been chosen by grace, were given this Golden Capital.
You, on the other hand, have your own home, which is a far cry from here.
So far, in fact, that it cannot be further marred by your touch.
The Shattering caused a great many fools to overstep their bounds.
Their impudence led to insurgency against Morgott, Lord of Grace. They raised an army, and sought to lay siege to this sacred ground.
But do you see where it got them? King Morgott's rule would not be shaken!
Their attempt to defile the capital failed, and while we revelled in eternal grace,
the traitors were eyed by the grotesque Fell Omen, and their corpses piled high outside the wall!
The lesson here is self-evident.
The capital is simply not where you belong.  
Section 04
You mustn't take it the wrong way.
But you must leave the capital at once.  
Section 10
Well, what have we here...
You hunt Omen, do you?
Mm-hmm, yes it appears so...
Well, then perhaps we can talk.
For a barbarous Tarnished, you see the difference between right and wrong rather clearly.
Very well. I permit your stay in the capital for the time being.
And in the name of the house of Shanehaight, I beseech you hunt down the foul Omen.
The Undercapital is a repository of waste.
For ages it's teemed with repulsive Omen. Fiendlings, even, who've never lost a horn.
And what's worse, they've taken to bellowing in a most blood-curdling manner. You can hear it all the way up here.
A vile, ceaseless affront to the Erdtree's sanctity.  
Section 11
Get on with it, then.
Hunt down the vile Omen scurrying about in the Undercapital, and give us peace from those wretched howls.
I know you can do it. Do not dishonour House Shanehaight.  
Section 20
Haven't set off to hunt the Omen yet?
Well, you're certainly dragging your heels more than I foresaw.
I forgive you.
We Shanehaights are known for patience, a virtue amongst the noble.  
Section 21
Haven't set off to hunt the Omen yet?
That wretched screeching... I feel as if I could go mad.  
Section 30
Ohh, there you are, pleased to see you.
You must've expunged the Omen from the repository.
Otherwise their revolting screeches would still be affronting my ears.
Well, you've done us a fine service, I must say.
The Erdbishops will be very pleased to hear it.
No, this is above their station...
If I explained that this was all my idea,
I could be granted audience with Morgott, Lord of Grace.
What a wondrous opportunity.
That a viscount as myself might be seen by the Lord of Grace.
Such an honour will place me amongst the most venerated Shanehaights.  
Section 31
Oh, very sorry, I almost forgot about you completely.
This Shanehaight heirloom has been held for generations.
It is yours now, a reward for your fearless execution of my request.  
Section 32
I'm afraid its worth might be lost on a Tarnished, but...
For everything, there is a first. For you, and for House Shanehaight, and its newfound glory.  
Section 33
Now, I need to get myself ready.
If fortune favours me, and I am seen by the Lord of Grace,
I'd be put to shame if I didn't look my very best.  
Section 40
Kill our lord...
He is a stain upon all things golden...
Kill Morgott, kingly impostor!
   
Millicent
Section 01
Ah...ahh...  
Section 02
Ngh... W-who's there?
Well, it matters not. If you are wise, you will leave, immediately.
My flesh writhes with scarlet rot.
It is a curse. Not to be meddled with by man.  
Section 03
If you are wise, you will leave, immediately.
My flesh writhes with scarlet rot.  
Section 10
You ask that I stab myself with the needle...
To quell the scarlet rot?
But...how?
...
Never mind. I've decided.
I would rather trust you,
than simply continue to spoil from within.  
Section 11
Would you mind...averting your eyes for a moment?
Well. That was easier than expected.
But...why do I feel so...
...  
Section 12
...  
Section 20
I...hoped to see you again.
My apologies, for when last we met. I fainted before I could even thank you.
Everything is as you said. Since inserting the needle, the scarlet rot has ceased to writhe.
Even the nightmares have abated... And now, though I can scarcely believe it myself, I can move as I please.
Not that I could ever truly repay you,
but I would like you to have this, by way of thanks. A token, though it is.  
Section 21
I'm considering leaving. On a journey.
With the needle buried in my flesh, I've started to recall, but dimly...
My destiny...
It's all thanks to you.
My name is Millicent. I pray fate permits us meet again.  
Section 22
I'm considering leaving. On a journey.
With the needle buried in my flesh, I've started to recall, but dimly...
My destiny...  
Section 25
Oh, hello again.
Something about this place felt familiar to me.
So I decided to pay a visit, hoping to find someone here.
But I've only found emptiness.
Perhaps before my departure, I needed someone to say farewell to.  
Section 26
Well, never mind that.
I must focus on my journey, for which I have you to thank.
I must stay strong.  
Section 30
Ah. We meet again.
In truth, it's been smooth sailing, for me.
The scarlet rot has stilled, since last we met.
As such, I've been able to continue my journey.
Though rather vexingly,
I realise that if I still had my sword arm,
I could have aided you in battle.  
Section 31
Now, I'm tracing the path Malenia took,
after unleashing the power of the scarlet rot, during her battle with General Radahn, in the Caelid Wilds.
I should like to meet her, this vanished woman.
I think she's in the north.
In the lands that lie beyond the Erdtree.  
Section 32
Are you...
Giving me this arm?
I thank you.
I am in your debt, yet again.
I think, If the arm serves well enough,
It might be possible for me to wield a sword again.  
Section 33
If the arm serves well enough,
It might be possible for me to wield a sword again.
Perhaps, then, I can aid you in battle.  
Section 35
Now, I'm tracing the path Malenia took.
She's passed into to the lands that lie beyond the Erdtree.  
Section 40
Ah, we meet yet again.
The arm you gave me truly is a thing of wonder.
It feels just like my own, even handling a sword.
Perhaps it is foolish to say this to you of all people, but I am sure of my skill with the sword.
Thus, I would have you call upon me in battle again, should you ever have the need.  
Section 41
Ah, we meet yet again.
The arm you gave me truly is a thing of wonder.
It feels just like my own, even handling a sword.
Perhaps it is foolish to say this to you of all people, but I am sure of my skill with the sword.
Thus, I would have you call upon me in battle, should you ever have the need.  
Section 42
I would have you call upon me in battle, should you ever have the need.
It is the only way that I can express my thanks.  
Section 50
To think we'd meet in such a place...
What could your purpose possibly...
No, I know well enough who you are, and what I know is good enough for me.
Call upon me again in battle, should you have the need.  
Section 51
I'm searching for a fort to the west of the ruins.
I'm searching for a fort to the north of the ruins.
I heard the master of the fort was given a medallion that allowed him to visit the Haligtree.
Indeed, I believe that is where Malenia will be found.
The Haligtree is hidden somewhere in these Northern lands.  
Section 52
I'm searching for a fort to the west of the ruins.
I'm searching for a fort to the north of the ruins.
I heard the master of the fort was given a medallion that allowed him to visit the Haligtree.  
Section 60
Again we meet.
I can only surmise our purposes are aligned.
In which case, allow me to explain myself.
I am of Malenia's blood.
But in what capacity I know not. I could be sister, daughter, or an offshoot…
Whatever the case though, I am certain of a kinship between us.  
Section 61
There is something I must return to Malenia.
The will that was once her own.
The dignity, the sense of self, that allowed her to resist the call of the scarlet rot.
The pride she abandoned, to meet Radahn's measure.  
Section 62
There is something I must return to Malenia.
The will that was once her own.
The dignity, the sense of self, that allowed her to resist the call of the scarlet rot.  
Section 70
Oh, hello.
Thank you for lending your hand.
Without your help, I could not have defeated that quartet.
I feel as if I've been in your debt from beginning to end.
Thank you. With your help, I was able to live as my own person, if only in passing.  
Section 71
But this is where things end.
I pause to even tell you, but...
I took out the needle myself.
Tell whoever put you up to this.
That if I am to flower into something other than myself,
I would rather rot into nothingness as I am.  
Section 72
Please, let me pass alone.
The scarlet rot writhes now, worse than ever.
Soon, I won't be more than a mound of flesh.
Curse-laden. Untouchable.
I wouldn't want such a thing to bring you harm.  
3488
Section 00
Ugh.  
Section 01
Is there something wrong?
Please, cease this at once.  
Section 02
Why are you doing this?
Now you've forced my hand.  
Section 03
I will not forget what you did for me.
But this day marks our farewell.  
Section 04
I did not imagine it ending like this.
But I will not forget what you have done.
Thank...you...  
Section 05
Ahh, how could you...
Is this your true heart?
Was I... was it all...for this?  
3489
Section 00
 
   
Sage Gowry
Section 01
Oh, a pleasure to see you, a pleasure indeed.
I am Gowry. A great sage, in my day, anyway.
I'd hoped to ask a favour, when one of your ilk came along.
A strapping young Tarnished, able to cross the scarlet swamp of Aeonia.
Don't fret, I'll provide fine recompense.
Should you accept…
I will teach you the secret of Sellia, the town you see there.  
Section 10
Ah, then you're willing to lend a hand, are you?
I need your help to heal a certain young girl.
Her name is Millicent. You will find her beyond Sellia,
resting at the church atop the cliff, stricken by the rotting sickness.  
Section 11
The rotting sickness that afflicts Millicent has no cure.
When the Erdtree flourished, even the demigods could not stave off its effects, despite their nigh godhood.
But Millicent's suffering can be ameliorated.
For this, you are to find a certain needle.
Seek the deep scarlet swamp of Aeonia, outside Sellia's bounds.
The needle, made from unalloyed gold, is lost somewhere there.  
Section 12
First, you must find the unalloyed gold needle.
It's hidden somewhere in the deep scarlet swamp of Aeonia.
Then I will tell you, as promised.
The secret of the town of Sellia.  
Section 13
Ah, my apologies. I rather got ahead of myself, didn't I.
Well, no matter. I'm accustomed to waiting.
But if you should decide to hear my offer, whenever that may be,
do come and speak with me again.
I'll wait as long as it takes.  
Section 14
Ah, changed your mind, have you?
If you are willing to undertake my request,
I'll gladly share with you the secret of Sellia, the town yonder.  
Section 20
Ohh, you've found the unalloyed gold needle.
As promised, I've detailed the secret of Sellia right here.
Go on, it's yours.
Now, let me have a look at the needle.
Hmm.
Hmmmm.
Well, well, this is a marvel indeed.
The work of a true artisan…a meticulous, bold craftsman who grasps the essence of life.
Can you give me some time with this?
As well made as it is, it won't be much use snapped in half, will it.  
Section 21
I have awaited your return.
The needle is repaired. Now it will forestall the rotting sickness, I'm sure.
Will you give it to the girl, Millicent?
I will reward you in kind.
Millicent rests at the church atop the cliff, beyond Sellia, the town yonder.
Tended to by the witless pests who worship her, or rather, her rotting sickness, as a god.
A wretched fate, indeed. The poor girl, she never wished for any of this.  
Section 22
Do you find it peculiar?
That I would show such concern for the girl.
Well, I'm the one that found her.
A mere babe, in the swamp of Aeonia.
She is one of my dear daughters.
But the rotting sickness erodes one's memory.
I doubt that she remembers the first thing about me.
Oh, I must be getting old. I didn't always worry so much.
Ha ha ha...  
Section 23
Can you give me some time with this?
As well made as it is, it won't be much use snapped in half, will it.  
Section 27
Now, all you need do is deliver the needle to Millicent.
She's convalescing in the church atop the cliff just beyond Sellia.
Do so, and you shall receive handsome recompense, of course.  
Section 30
Thank you kindly.
For giving the needle to Millicent.
Now she, too, can begin her journey.
And stare her fate straight in the eye.
You've been a saint, through and through.
As thanks, I vow to impart to you my knowledge
of the lost sorceries of the Sellians, descendants of the Eternal.  
Section 31
Please make certain that little Millicent goes unharmed.
Like her mother, she has the stuff to be a great warrior,
but commands only one arm, and is yet preciously young.  
Section 32
Oh, you noticed, did you?
Indeed, Millicent did visit this hovel of a home.
It seems the memories eaten away by the rotting sickness yet remain, but faintly.
However, she has no need of me, any more.
No, she must embark on her journey, and stare her fate in the eye. I mustn't impede.
As I've aged, I've found the best way to aid the young...
Is to be forgotten.  
Section 35
Ah, welcome, welcome. How may I help?  
Section 36
Do you...need me for something else?  
Section 40
So, you gave Millicent a golden arm replacement…
This is a wonderful development.
Thank you for your kindness.
Now Millicent may fully realise her true warrior's potential.
Like her beautiful mother.  
Section 41
The girl, Millicent. She is a bud.
Green and undeveloped, waiting to flower into magnificence.
What a wondrous day that will be.
In truth, before her, I'd never seen a bud of such superior quality.
She might very well outshine her sisters.  
Section 50
Do you have an interest in rot incantations?
Then you might like to learn something of the history...
of Malenia, goddess of scarlet rot.  
Section 51
Queen Marika and her King Consort Radagon were blessed with twin demigods, and Malenia was one of them.
She was born an Empyrean, carrying the scarlet rot.
An Empyrean...is no mere demigod.
In the age of the Elden Ring, and Queen Marika,
the precious Empyrean was born. A new god to forge a new Order.
Since Malenia fought Radahn, and the great scarlet flower blossomed in Aeonia, I have dedicated myself to her.
And to the resplendence of the Order of Rot. The cycle of decay and rebirth.  
Section 60
Oh, Millicent. Finding herself, is she?
The words of a true innocent, the dear girl.
Well, perhaps this is just as it should be.
Little Millicent, following in the steps of her mother, no matter what.
This is their fate, after all.  
Section 70  
Section 71
Oh, mm, I didn't notice you there.
Welcome. How may I help you?
My apologies though, you hardly needed to see me like that.  
Section 72
Oh, it's just…
I realised that I'd soon be saying my goodbyes to Millicent, and…
My eyes began to well...
She is to meet them very soon. Her sisters.
And when she does, she'll be defeated, surely, and begin to flower.
Which is why...
If you happen to be present for the girl's fight with her sisters,
I ask that you side with the sisters and kill Millicent.
It must be done by your hand; no other.
Millicent trusts you, rather deeply in fact.
Sever that trust. Nurtured by betrayal, her bud will flower most vividly.
When Malenia ascends to godhood, Millicent too shall be reborn.
As a scarlet valkyrie.  
Section 73
Thus, I have a request of the utmost import.
I beg you, kill Millicent.
Before the girl can meet her sisters.
There is no other way. It must be done by your hand alone.
You seem to have sown a seed in Millicent's heart.
Which will flower most vividly, should she be plucked by you.
Malenia will be a goddess. And once she is, Millicent will flower anew, as a scarlet valkyrie.  
Section 74
You can't tell me you don't wish to see it.
The superior bud that is Millicent, becoming the finest of flowers?
I beg of you, kill her. With your own two hands.  
Section 75
Welcome, welcome. How may I help you?
Oh how I have counted the days. Millicent shall soon meet her sisters.  
Section 76
When the time is ripe...
Do what you must to ensure Millicent dies.  
3498
Section 00
Owgh!  
Section 01
Please, enough.
There is nothing to be gained by persevering.  
Section 02
So, the lesson remains unlearned.
Perhaps you've taken one knock to the head too many.  
Section 03
We shall meet again, you and I.
There are countless pests to choose from.  
Section 04
We shall meet again.
As many times as it takes. For you to understand.  
3499
Section 00
 
   
Scribe Corhyn
Section 01
Oh, I see you've just arrived.
Welcome to the Roundtable Hold. I'm Corhyn, a man of the cloth.
I teach incantations, the strength granted us by the Two Fingers,
and explore the secrets of the Golden Order.
So that one day, if a Tarnished of the Roundtable Hold should become Elden Lord, I might counsel them,
ensuring order regains its proper form, righting rule over men.
By the way, do you still see it? The guidance of grace.  
Section 02
You do! Wonderful news.
Most Tarnished are blind to it these days.
You are something of a rare breed.
Well, what do you say? Care to learn an incantation of the Two Fingers?  
Section 03
Ah, well, that is unfortunate.
But no cause for despair.
It's likely a temporary condition, I'm told. For whatever reason, it happens from time to time.
Just keep your chin up, and stay the path.
I pray the great guidance of grace returns to you.  
Section 04
What is it?
Has the guidance of grace returned to your vision?  
Section 05
Ah, I see.
Just keep your chin up, and stay the path.
I pray the great guidance of grace returns to you.  
Section 10
Further study of incantations, is it?
I can happily spare the time, and applaud your enthusiasm.  
Section 11
Ah, you appear to be doing well. Very good.
Well then. Would you like to learn an incantation?  
Section 12
May the Golden Order shine through you.  
Section 15
There's something I should mention to you, as well.
I'm thinking of leaving the Roundtable Hold.
Do you know of the noble Goldmask?
Though he was but a Tarnished, living outside the Lands Between,
he was a great scholar, who foresaw the coming guidance of grace.
And now, I hear he has come to the Lands Between alone, to contemplate the Golden Order...
I wish nothing more than to seek his instruction, and perhaps even help him in his research.  
Section 20
Ah, I had been waiting for your return.
I've decided to leave the Roundtable Hold after all.
As I mentioned, I'm off in search of the noble Goldmask.
We may not meet again for some time.
If there's any incantations you wish to learn, now's the moment.  
Section 21
Ah, I had been waiting for your return.
I've decided to leave the Roundtable Hold.
I'm off in search of a noble scholar known as the Goldmask, to beg his instruction.
We may not meet again for some time.
If there's any incantations you wish to learn, now's the moment.  
Section 30
Ah, look who we have here.
How delightful, to meet a familiar face, even after departing the Roundtable Hold.
I've been doing some learning of my own since then, actually.
And will happily pass it along to you.  
Section 35
I'm yet to find the noble Goldmask.
I suppose he'll be closer to the Erdtree.
The path ahead might be perilous, but tread it I shall.
Since departing the Roundtable Hold, I've come to understand, in my solitude,
How little it is I truly know...  
Section 36
Do...do you sport with me!?
From your description, it can be no other than the Goldmask himself!
Of course, of course, I knew he would be close by.
Bless the Golden Order, and its benevolent rays.
And to you too. My sincerest thanks.  
Section 37
I will soon leave to join the noble Goldmask.
It is entirely thanks to you. You have my sincerest gratitude.  
Section 40
Ah, we meet yet again.
Thanks to you, I have become acquainted with the noble Goldmask himself,
and taken my place by his side, as you can see.
Have no fear, I will still teach you incantations, as before.
Though we must do so quietly, such that we not disturb the great master's cogitation.  
Section 41
Further study of incantations, is it?
Indeed, I applaud your enthusiasm.  
Section 42
Ah, you appear to be doing well. Very good.
Well then. Would you like to learn an incantation?  
Section 43
May the Golden Order shine through you.  
Section 45
The master is always deep in contemplation.
While I frantically attempt to record his wisdom; the movement of his finger.
And though I am yet to comprehend even the daintiest morsel of his wisdom...
I know that this, this is my life's calling.
The Golden Order has bestowed me, talentless as I am, the great duty of documentarian.  
Section 46
Master! What ever is the matter?
Please, I implore you continue! Continue your reflections, your rhythms!
I must be the one to record them!
What matters this issue of Radagon, really?
The Erdtree, heart of the Golden Order, lies before our very eyes!
Why must these qualms come to you now?
We were on the very cusp!  
Section 47
Oh, was that you? Sorry, I hardly noticed.
I'm a little shaken since the master ceased his movements.  
Section 48
Did you need something else?  
Section 49
Oh, was that you?
Yes, the master is still ceased.
And after coming all this way... Why now, of all times?  
Section 50
The master's reflections had heightened as we neared the Erdtree.
While still a precise calculus, the rhythms grew increasingly wild.
Until he simply ceased.
Now the master is facing quite the puzzle.
The Golden Order is founded on the principle that Marika is the one true god. However...
The name of Marika's second husband, King Consort Radagon, also appeared...
Who exactly was Radagon?
The master is stumped.
His finger has remained still, ever since Radagon's name was discovered.
Curse my mediocre mind.
The master only has me, and here I fail him...  
Section 51
What on earth did you do to the master?
Well, not that I'm complaining.
Master's finger moves again, resuming his cogitation; more than good enough for me.
I haven't the words to thank you.
So I'd like to pass this on to you instead.
A glimpse into the heart of the Golden Order, documented by yours truly.  
Section 52
To think, that Radagon was Marika herself.
Or at least, such is all I can interpret from the rhythm and calculus of his finger.
How would such a thing even have been possible, I wonder.
Sadly, I cannot comprehend it, myself.
Do you have a fuller understanding of the matter?
...
Well, either way, I can continue my documentation.
In truth it matters very little whether I understand the master's thoughts or not,
I am merely his scribe. It is my sole and unwavering purpose.  
Section 53
Who exactly was Radagon?
The master is stumped.
His finger has remained still, ever since Radagon's name was discovered.
But oh, how important could it really be?
The Erdtree, heart of the Golden Order, lies before our very eyes!
Why must these qualms come to you now?
We were on the very cusp!  
Section 60
Ah, nice to see you.
I can't believe you've come all this way.  
Section 61
Do you need...something else?  
Section 62
Ah, nice to see you.
Do you need...something else?  
Section 65
I've…been gripped by a terrifying thought.
The rhythms and calculus of the master's finger...
betray a suspicion of the holism of the Golden Order.
A conceit, I am afraid, that cannot be overlooked.
Oh, but how could this be?
I dread to even entertain the possibility...
but somehow, I cannot cast aside my doubts about the master.
Tell me, have I simply lost my head?
Only, if the master were true to the Golden Order,
why would he think to breach this forbidden mount of fire?  
Section 66
Oh master, put my mind at ease.
Dispel these fearsome thoughts.
I want to place my trust in you, to be your scribe.  
Section 11
So you're just like the others?
Another would-be oppressor to my people.  
Section 12
I see. I see how it is! You were one of them all along!
Trying to trample us underfoot, you grace-given bastard?  
Section 13
I'll never forgive your kind...  
Section 14
Your kind...will all be razed clean.
By the frenzied flame...of chaos...  
8009
Section 00
 
   
Section 10
 
   
Hermit Merchant
Section 01
Ahh, welcome...dear customer.
Yes, right this way... Right this way...  
Section 02
Welcome...
Valued customer... Come trade, in our wandering emporium.
Please, buy something...
I'm hungry. I've been hungry so long. Please.  
Section 03
Ahh, hello.
How nice of you to stop by, again.
Please, buy something, won't you?  
Section 50
You're new around here.
Surprised you found me in my little nook.
No matter, no matter. Your money's as good as anyone else's.
Why don't you take a look at my wares?
Oh, but...
Don't ask me how I got my hands on them, eh.  
Section 51
Ah, back again are we?
Not everyone can tell how good my wares are. You've a discerning eye, you have.  
Imprisoned Merchant
Section 00
Mm? Ohh...
A...custom...er?  
Section 01
Hello...again...
G-good...customer...  
Section 02
Hello...again...
You...g-good customer...  
Section 03
G-good...bye...
Till nex...t-time...  
Section 50
Buying or selling?  
Section 51
Not finished yet?  
Section 52
Trade again?  
Section 53
Be well.  
8012
Section 00
Ooh, dear.
Oh, dear, terribly sorry.
Are you here as a customer?  
Section 01
Oh...
Is there anything wrong?  
Section 02
Ooh!
Ah, oh, terribly sorry...
I-I didn't realise you came back.  
Section 03
I-I must apologise.
I'm afraid I've very little to offer.  
Section 04
Oh, nothing that suits your tastes, then?
Heh heh...  
Section 50
What do you need?
I don't want any trouble.  
Section 51
You again?
I don't want any trouble.  
Section 52
All done?
Well, be on your way, then.  
8013
Section 00
Well…
It's been an age since I've seen a customer.
How can I help, here at the end of the earth?  
Section 01
Anything else for you?  
Section 02
Back already?
Unusual fellow, aren't we.
Did this aged merchant have something that caught your eye?  
Section 03
Have a safe journey.  
Section 50
Is someone there?
A customer?
Well, how long has it been.  
Section 51
Something else?  
Section 52
Well, there you are again.
Divorce from one's trade does not come easily.  
8018
Section 00
Agh! 
Please! Stop this, good customer!  
Section 01
Bollocks! What the devil's wrong with you!  
Section 02
Dirty little thief...  
Section 03
You dirty little thief...
Melt away with the rest of it...  
Section 10
Owgh!
What are you playing at! Stop this!  
Section 11
That's the last straw, you bloody thief!  
Section 12
Stay away, Us wanderers have had enough.  
Section 13
How dare you trample us.
You filthy thief.  
Section 20
A-agh!
S...stop
P...please, s...stop  
Section 21
E...enough
M...melt away...  
Section 22
G-good...bye...
Dear...customer...  
Section 23
But, why...?
Kind...sir...
Madame...  
Section 24
You've always...
been...too kind...  
Section 30
Ngh!
Enough.  
Section 31
Another thief? Fine.  
Section 32
What folly.  
Section 33
How in the...
Blast...  
Section 40
Eh!
Please!
Please, stop this!
It was me! It's all my fault!
Please, don't hurt me!  
Section 41
I said don't hurt me!
Aaargh!  
Section 42
I warned you. I told you to stop...  
Section 43
How could you...
What have I ever done?
Heh heh...  
Section 50
Ow!  
Section 51
I knew it, you dirty scoundrel!
There was something off about you from the start!  
Section 52
Hurry up and die! You wretched thief!  
Section 53
Rotten scoundrels...
Every last one of 'em...  
Section 60
Agh!  
Section 61
Enough of that.
Surely you are no highwayman.  
Section 62
A pity, this.
Our descent into savagery.  
Section 63
You've never heard?
Of the swiftness of a wanderer's fury.  
Section 64
Offed by a highwayman?
I must've lost my touch…  
Section 70
Agh!  
Section 71
Stop this at once.
And I will forgive you.  
Section 72
You'd come this far for your pillaging?
No different than a plague, your kind.  
Section 73
I've heard enough from you. Be gone.  
Section 74
All that I wanted was solitude…  
8019
Section 00
 
   
Section 10
 
   
Section 20
 
   
Section 30
 
   
Section 40
 
   
Section 50
 
   
Section 60
 
   
Section 70
 
   
9000
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9010
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9020
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9030
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9040
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9050
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9100
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9110
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9120
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9130
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9140
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
9150
Section 01
A spirited warcry. Several variations (long and short). “Rargh!” or “Graaaah”, etc.
Grunt of determination when taking a hit. Multiple variations. Grunts such as "Hngh!" or "Ungh" .
“Mnn...ngh!” “Grr...ngh...mph!” etc. should contain a mixture of long and short sounds, the door finally opening on the last grunt of effort.  
Section 02
Extremely short involuntary winces due to receiving light damage such as shallow slashes and stabs. Multiple variations.
Receiving heavy damage such as deep slashes and stabs. Multiple variations. Involuntary noises, just about managing to endure the pain.
Winded for a moment and knocked flying. Taking a blow from a giant enemy or being caught in a large explosion.
Longer cries of pain as a sword skewers the body. Receiving a grievous wound from behind. Multiple variations.
Taking damage from fire (burning). Multiple variations.
Screams due to unbearable pain.  
Section 03
Weak noises, pants and retches ranging from feeling off to enduring nausea and internal pain. Suffering from poisoning or disease. Multiple variations.
Grunts as if trying to suppress vomiting. Resisting a foreign object entering the throat (such as a giant maggot). Multiple variations.  
Section 04
Short death grunts. The last breath.
Long and short versions.
Death. "Uhhhhh", "Oahhh...". Pathetic, utterly enfeebled and sad moans.
Dying scream. “Aaaaargh” or “Whaaaargh”, etc. Multiple variations.
“Urrrrrrrgh”, “Ughhhhhhaaaargh”, etc.
Falling from a great height to one's death. Multiple variations.
Sound as if trying to cough something up. Death by poisoning. Multiple variations.  
Section 05
Short laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Slight sniggering laugh. Trying to act cool, but not mocking the opponent.
Calling out to an ally. A good-natured call-out, no sarcasm or provocation intended – “Oi!”, or “Hey!” etc.
Whistling. Multiple variations.  
Section 06
Horrific scream as the player's body is grasped by three gigantic fingers, the Frenzied Flame ignites within the palm, and the player's entire body is set afire.  
Sites of Grace
Resting at a site of grace will restore your HP, FP, and cleanse any status ailments.
It will also refill your sacred flasks.
However, most of the enemies you've defeated will be revived.
You can find sites of grace by going where light converges.
*These explanations are acquired in the form of info items and can be accessed from the inventory at any time.
The Map
Use your map to check your current position, as well as the terrain and surrounding structures.
You can update your map with new information by finding map fragments at steles along the road.
You can also use the map to freely place beacons of light to serve as landmarks as you explore.
: 
Containers
You will need cracked pots or other containers to craft certain items.
You will not be able to make more of those items than you have containers.
Container items will run out with use, but the containers themselves will remain.
Birdseye Telescopes
You can use the Birdseye Telescopes found in various areas to get a bird's-eye view of the terrain in the direction that the telescope is facing.
: Zoom in
: Zoom out
Roundtable Hold
The Roundtable Hold is a place where Tarnished gather, guided by grace. Combat is prohibited on the premises due to a pact of non-aggression. (This rule is in effect when the Roundtable icon is displayed.)
The Roundtable Hold is located outside of this world. It can only be reached through sites of grace. (Can also be accessed by using the map to travel.)
Dense Fog of Sleep
Monk Jiko seeks the deep fog of sleep.
Find someone in a deep sleep, and capture their Dream Mist by using St. Trina's Crystal Ball.
Those in a deep sleep can be identified by the mist surrounding them.
when near someone in a deep sleep: Capture Dream Mist
Great Runes
The Great Runes you receive by defeating shardbearers have lost their beneficial power.
However, their power can be restored at Divine Towers throughout the Lands Between.
See the description of each Great Rune to discover which Divine Tower you should visit.
Equipment Menu
With the Equipment menu, you can equip armaments, arrows, bolts, armor, talismans, and items.
You can equip up to three armaments each to your left and right hands.
The actions each armament performs will vary based on which hand is wielding it.
Item Crafting Menu
With the Item Crafting menu, you can make various items from materials that you find.
You can learn to craft more items by finding cookbooks.
Inventory Menu
With the Inventory menu, you can browse the items you're carrying, drop them on the ground, or throw them away.
You can also use tools from the Inventory menu.
Status Menu
With the Status menu, you can check your level, attributes, base stats, and more.
The information shown here also reflects changes to your attack, defense, and resistances bestowed by armaments and armor that you have equipped.
Message Menu
With the Messages menu, you can write messages that players in other worlds can read at the spot where you left them.
You can change the message format to leave more complex messages and also attach gestures to your messages.
You can rate other players' messages.
Whenever another player rates a message that you've written, your HP will be replenished.
Multiplayer Menu
With the Multiplayer menu, you can use various multiplayer items.
If you set a group password, you'll be more likely to see messages, summon signs, bloodstains, phantoms, and so on from others using the same password.
If you set a multiplayer password, you'll only be matched with other players using the same password for most multiplayer features.
However, multiplayer passwords do not apply to invasion multiplayer.
Map Menu
With the Map menu, you can check your current position and terrain and buildings in the surrounding area.
You can also freely place beacons of light to serve as landmarks as you explore.
Lastly, through your map, you can select any site of grace that you've discovered and travel there instantaneously.
However, there are some dungeons and other areas where this cannot be done.
Level Up Menu
With the Level Up menu, you can spend runes to increase your attributes.
With each attribute increase, your level rises by one.
As your level rises, so does the amount of runes required for your next attribute increase.
Menu: Additional Healing Flasks
You can increase the number of flasks available.
Locate Flask Shards in order to increase the number of flasks.
Menu: Increasing Healing Amount
You can increase the healing amount of each flask.
Locate "Immortal Ashes" in order to increase the healing amount.
Allocating Flask Uses
With this menu, you can allocate the number of uses in each of your flasks.
You have a set total of maximum flask uses.
You can decide how many of those uses are for the HP-replenishing Flask of Crimson Tears, and how many are for the FP-replenishing Flask of Cerulean Tears.
Memorize Spells Menu
With the Memorize Spells menu, you can memorize sorceries and incantations.
You must have a staff equipped to cast sorceries, or a sacred seal equipped to cast incantations.
Casting sorceries and incantations consumes FP.
Your memory slots determine the number of sorceries and incantations you can memorize.
You can increase your memory slots by obtaining a Memory Stone.
Sorting the Chest
With this menu, you can place items that you're carrying into the chest for storage, or take stored items out of the chest.
If you are already carrying the maximum number of items when you pick up a new item, it will be stored in the chest automatically.
Shop Menu
With the shop menu, you can spend runes to purchase various items.
You can also sell items for runes.
Each merchant stocks a different variety of items for purchase.
Menu: Weapon Upgrades
Weapons and shields can be upgraded by using upgrade materials.
Higher ranked upgrade materials are required for highler level weapons.
Ashes of War Menu
With the Ashes of War menu, you can use Ashes of War to grant skills and affinities to your armaments at sites of grace.
An armament can only have one skill.
Any skill it previously had will be lost.
By adding an affinity, you can alter an armament's attack affinity, boost attribute scaling, and more.
An armament's type determines what skills and affinities it can have. Some special armaments cannot be granted new skills or affinities using Ashes of War.
Spirit Tuning Menu
With the Spirit Tuning menu, you can spend runes and Grave Gloveworts to strengthen the spirits you summon from ashes.
To strengthen named spirits, you'll need Ghost Gloveworts.
Menu: Dragon Communion Shop
You can learn magic from the Dragon Communion.
Memorize these spells by offering Dragon Communion Seeds.
Great Rune Menu
With the Great Rune menu, you can equip Great Runes that
have had their power restored.
You can use a Rune Arc to give even greater benefits to
your equipped Great Runes.
Mixing Physicks
With this menu, you can mix two crystal tears in the Flask of Wondrous Physick.
This will allow you to create physicks with various custom effects.
Rebirth Menu
With the Rebirth menu, you can spend Larval Tears to clear
your levels and reassign them from square one.
You must reassign all levels until you reach your present
level and you cannot make any attributes lower than
their initial level determined by your origin.
Power of Remembrance Menu
With the Power of Remembrance menu, you can draw out the power of a remembrance's namesake.
Each remembrance can provide one power. Once that power is claimed, the remembrance will be lost.
Smithing Menu
With the smithing menu, you can spend runes and smithing stones to strengthen your armaments.
You can strengthen your armaments up to +3 at a smithing table.
Somewhere in the Lands Between, you may meet a blacksmith who can make your armaments even stronger.
Remembrance Duplication Menu
With the Remembrance Duplication menu, you can duplicate remembrances you've previously acquired.
(This includes remembrances from which you've already drawn out power.)
Duplication can only be performed once per mausoleum.
Some damage isn't negated when guarded
Recovers HP from defeated enemies
Recovers FP from defeated enemies
Successful attacks recover HP
Successful attacks recover FP
Slowly recovers HP
Slowly recovers FP
Boosts stamina recovery speed
Attack power rises as attacks continue
Take self-inflicted damage
Saps beasts of the will to fight
Boosts potency of physical spells
Boosts potency of fire spells
Boosts potency of spirit spells
Boosts potency of lightning spells
Boosts potency of sacred spells
Boosts area of buffs and healing spells
Handles any sorcery or incantation
Use as catalyst for glintstone sorcery
Use as seal for incantations
Successive attacks recover HP
Successive attacks recover FP
Boosts Crystalian sorcery
Boosts gravity sorcery
Boosts thorn sorcery
Boosts death sorcery
Boosts full moon sorcery
Boosts Stonedigger sorcery
Boosts Glintblade sorcery
Boosts Carian sword sorcery
Boosts Azur's primeval sorcery
Boosts Lusat's primeval sorcery
Boosts invisibility sorcery
Boosts Giants' Flame incantations
Boosts Fundamentalist incantations
Boosts bestial incantations
Boosts Dragon Cult incantations
Boosts Dragon Communion incantations
Boosts Frenzied Flame incantations
Boosts lava sorcery
Boosts godslayer incantations
Causes slight poison buildup (&lt;?poisonATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes poison buildup (&lt;?poisonATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy poison buildup (&lt;?poisonATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes intense poison buildup (&lt;?poisonATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes slight scarlet rot buildup (&lt;?diseaseATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes scarlet rot buildup (&lt;?diseaseATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy scarlet rot buildup (&lt;?diseaseATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes slight blood loss buildup (&lt;?bleedATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes blood loss buildup (&lt;?bleedATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy blood loss buildup (&lt;?bleedATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes intense blood loss buildup (&lt;?bleedATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes slight death buildup (&lt;?curseATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes death buildup (&lt;?curseATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy death buildup (&lt;?curseATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes slight frost buildup (&lt;?freezeATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes frost buildup (&lt;?freezeATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy frost buildup (&lt;?freezeATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes slight sleep buildup (&lt;?sleepATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes sleep buildup (&lt;?sleepATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy sleep buildup (&lt;?sleepATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes slight madness buildup (&lt;?madnessATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes madness buildup (&lt;?madnessATKpwr?&gt;)
Causes heavy madness buildup (&lt;?madnessATKpwr?&gt;)
WeaponInfo.fmg
Thin, whittled animal bone with feather fletchings
Arrow whittled from thin animal bone
Fletched animal bone arrow set alight when shot
Animal bone arrow set alight when shot
Fletched animal bone arrow with poison-daubed tip
Animal bone arrow with poison-daubed tip
Fletched animal bone arrow with waterlily tincture tip
Animal bone arrow with waterlily tincture tip
Bone arrow fletched with stormhawk feathers
Fletched animal bone arrow charged with lightning
Animal bone arrow charged with lightning
Animal bone arrow tipped with Rainbow Stone shard
Animal bone arrow tipped with crystal shard
Animal bone arrow, gust knocks enemies away
Fletched bone arrow with glintstone tincture tip
Animal bone arrow with glintstone tincture tip
Fletched bone arrow with gold tincture tip
Animal bone arrow with gold tincture tip
Fletched bone arrow with blood tincture tip
Animal bone arrow with blood tincture tip
Fletched bone arrow with frozen tip
Animal bone arrow with frozen tip
Fletched bone arrow with rot-coated tip
Animal bone arrow with rot-coated tip
Thick, whittled bone arrow with feather fletchings
Thick, whittled animal bone arrow, large as a spear
Thin, whittled animal bone bolt
Animal bone bolt set alight when shot
Animal bone bolt with lightning-imbued tip
Animal bone bolt with glintstone tincture tip
Animal bone bolt with gold tincture tip
Animal bone bolt with poison-coated tip
Animal bone bolt with blood tincture tip
Animal bone bolt with frozen tip
Animal bone bolt with rot-coated tip
Animal bone bolt with waterlily tincture tip
Thick, whittled bone bolt, large as a spear
WeaponName.fmg
Unarmed
No armament equipped.
Bare fists will be used to attack.
Dagger
A standard dagger with a straight blade.
Though modest in reach and capacity for harm, this weapon is light enough to jab in rapid succession and delivers devastating critical hits.
Black Knife
Dagger once belonging to one of the assassins who murdered Godwyn the Golden on the Night of the Black Knives.
A ritual performed on the oddly misshapen blade imbued it with the power of the stolen Rune of Death.
Parrying Dagger
A knife with curved handguards.
Designed to parry, turning foes' attacks against them.
For masters of combat who anticipate every enemy strike and counter accordingly, this weapon is all they need.
Miséricorde
Dagger favored by military physicians in white.
The pointed blade is hard and sharp, making critical hits especially potent.
Medicine is mercy, and mercy upon the battlefield is ruthless. Beware the killers clothed as men of compassion.
Reduvia
Jagged dagger with a distinctive curved blade.
Used by the noble servants of the Lord of Blood.
This dagger rips the flesh as it enters, inflicting blood loss with sickening efficacy. A proud testament to the success of its vicious design, this weapon is perpetually coated in blood. 
Crystal Knife
A knife made by sharpening hard crystal.
Signature weapon of glintstone miners.
Used as tool to extract glintstone from broken rock, and as such a faint magic enwreathes the blade.
Celebrant's Sickle
Sickle decorated with flowers and many-colored fabrics. Ceremonial tool used by dancers during the festivities of Dominula. Its attacks can slip through an enemy's guard.
Crafted from human bone.
Grants trace amounts of runes on landing attacks.
Glintstone Kris
Ritual blade once presented to Leyndell by the Academy of Raya Lucaria to celebrate their newfound peace. Though the weapon is embedded with precious glintstones and features Erdtree ornamentation, the undulating blade is symbolic of an ancient ritual.
Scorpion's Stinger
Dagger fashioned from a great scorpion's tail, glistening with scarlet rot.
A ceremonial tool used by heretics, crafted from the relic of a sealed outer god.
Great Knife
Large knife with a broad, curved blade.
This weapon is designed to slash and rend, inflicting blood loss upon the recipient.
Wakizashi
Short sword with a tempering pattern on the blade.
A weapon unique to warriors of the Land of Reeds.
Afflicts targets with blood loss.
These swords are considered auxiliary weapons.
Yet, one man is known to wield this weapon in his left hand while using a full-sized katana in his right. A demonic swordsman known only as Okina.
Cinquedea
Short sword given to high ranking clergymen of Farum Azula.
Raises potency of bestial incantations.
The design celebrates a beast's five fingers, symbolic of the intelligence once granted upon their kind.
Ivory Sickle
Sickle fashioned from ivory.
Weapon carried by aged Albinaurics.
These weapons are evidence of their dedication to the Haligtree, despite never having entered its presence.
Bloodstained Dagger
Dagger with a bloodstained blade.
Afflicts targets with blood loss.
As blood darkened the dagger through repeated slashing and stabbing, its blade only grew sharper and harder.
Erdsteel Dagger
An erdsteel dagger with a grass crest engraved upon its blade. Carried by the Erdtree royalty for self-defense in times of peace.
Though forged to a high standard, the weapon is difficult to wield.
Attack power also scales with faith.
Blade of Calling
Dagger given to one who set out on a journey to fulfill her duty long ago. The power of its former owner, the kindling maiden, is still apparent.
The one who walks alongside flame,
Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death.
Longsword
A straight sword with a double-edged blade.
In addition to its reliable standard damage, this weapon also boasts powerful piercing attacks. A superbly balanced armament.
Short Sword
A short straight sword with a short blade.
In addition to its reliable standard damage, this weapon also boasts powerful piercing attacks.
Lightweight amongst straight swords, this weapon is easy to wield, requiring only humble attributes.
Broadsword
A straight sword with a wide blade, suited to slashing attacks.
Horizontal swings boast wide attack range, making it easier to connect with foes.
Royal Soldier Straight Sword
A straight sword with a wide blade.
Effective for slashing attacks.
Broad horizontal swings widen the attack range, making it easier to connect with foes.
Lordsworn's Straight Sword
Well-crafted straight sword with an illustrious
design, wielded by regulars of a lord's army.
Though blackened and damaged by years of use,
it appears to have otherwise been kept in a
serviceable condition, despite the soldiers having
long since lost their minds.
Weathered Straight Sword
Straight sword with a rather short but wide blade.
Simple to wield, it was known as the sword of the people.
Though the Erdtree styling is still visible, time has not been kind to this sword, now merely a shadow of its former self.
Ornamental Straight Sword
Slender straight sword patterned after an antique ornament.
Superior swordsmen prefer to wield one in each hand.
After falling from grace, the dregs of the golden lineage sought power and purpose in the past.
Golden Epitaph
A sword made to commemorate the death of Godwyn the Golden, first of the demigods to die.
Infused with the humble prayer of a young boy; "O brother, lord brother, please die a true death."
Nox Flowing Sword
A grim weapon wielded by swordsmen of the Eternal City, this shotel has a blade as fine as a needle.
Forged from the liquid metal of a Silver Tear, it is thoroughly tempered until hardened. 
Inseparable Sword
Sword forged by compounding silver and gold.
A sacred weapon to hunt Those Who Live in Death.
Deals holy damage. 
The inseparable twins found solace in the Golden Order, the only institution not to revile them as accursed beings.
Heavy Inseparable Sword
Sharp sword used by D, Knight of the Golden Order.
The blade was forged with a mix of silver and brass.
Coded Sword
Hidden sword once granted to the Tarnished of the Roundtable by the Two Fingers. A formless cipher comprises its blade, which deals holy damage no shield can repel. Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor.
Sword of Night and Flame
Storied sword and treasure of Caria Manor.
One of the legendary armaments.
Astrologers, who preceded the sorcerers, established themselves in mountaintops that nearly touched the sky, and considered the Fire Giants their neighbors.
Crystal Sword
Sword fashioned from pure crystal; a deed impossible for a human. Enwreathed with powerful magic, its attack scales with intelligence. The inscrutable Crystalians have but one clear purpose; to safeguard their crystals unto the end. One theory posits that they yearn for the return of their creator who will carve for them new brethren.
Carian Knight's Sword
Straight sword embedded with a blue glintstone.
Weapon of knights sworn to Carian royalty.
These knights' swords could serve as catalysts, letting them wield sorcerous battle skills. Despite numbering fewer than twenty, this power made them a match for even the champions of gold in battle.
Sword of St. Trina
Silver sword carried by clerics of St. Trina.
Inflicts sleep ailment upon foes.
St. Trina is an enigmatic figure. Some say she is a comely young girl, others are sure he is a boy. The only certainty is that their appearance was as sudden as their disappearance.
Miquellan Knight's Sword
Sword forged by servants of Miquella of the Haligtree, with a design modeled after those carried by Carian knights. Instead of glintstone however, amber from the Haligtree is embedded in the blade.
A sumptuous piece, yet it has never been offered to any knight—an ill-starred sword with no master.
Cane Sword
Beloved sword of an aged knight whose last quest was long behind him, repurposed into a walking stick. The tip is rather worn.
Though bent of back and without the brawn required even to raise the sword aloft, still he wished to meet his end with weapon in hand. 
Regalia of Eochaid
Treasured sword of Eochaid, a lesser, long-vanished domain.
The copper coloration is not to be confused for rust, but is a conduit for its wielder to move it by their will alone.
Swords of Eochaid dance through the skies.
Noble's Slender Sword
Narrow blade carried by wandering nobles.
Made to be easy to wield.
Daubed with gold from tip to tail, it should fetch a good sum.
Warhawk's Talon
Talon-swords are affixed to the legs of Stormveil's warhawks, but this one has been repurposed for human use.
The blade is thin and lightweight so as not to obstruct the hawk's mobility.
Lazuli Glintstone Sword
A sword with a glintstone in its handguards. Wielded by scholars of the Lazuli Conspectus who seek to master Carian sorcery.
Deals magic damage.
Apparently once used as a staff of sorcery, this sword is made of wood.
Rotten Crystal Sword
Sword fashioned from pure crystal; a deed impossible for a human.
Enwreathed with powerful magic, its attack scales with intelligence.
Bastard Sword
A large sword with a straight blade. This heavy sword is usually wielded with two hands, but for those with enough strength, one is sufficient.
The hefty blade can be swung into multiple foes
at once thanks to the broad, sweeping attack,
making fending off crowds all the easier.
Forked Greatsword
Oddly shaped greatsword wielded by imps.
The gently undulating forked blade is known as an "imp's tongue" and causes blood loss.
Iron Greatsword
Greatsword with a blade of unusually thick steel.
A coarse weapon to which polishing is a foreign concept.
Weighty even among others of its class, the impact of each strike is sure to be felt.
Lordsworn's Greatsword
Well-crafted straight sword with an illustrious
design, wielded by regulars of a lord's army.
Though blackened and damaged by years of use, it appears to have otherwise been kept in a serviceable condition, despite the soldiers having long since lost their minds.
Knight's Greatsword
Greatsword bestowed upon skilled swordsmen in the demigods' service, and yet had no rank or title.
Featuring a long grip enabling dual-handed use, this weapon was designed to dispatch larger foes. Being charged with such a duty was undoubtedly a great honor.
Flamberge
Greatsword featuring a flame-like undulation.
Shreds enemy flesh, inducing blood loss.
Scarlet rot is kept at bay with flame at Redmane Castle, and as such, this beloved sword of Jerren's eventually became the symbol of the castle itself.
Ordovis's Greatsword
Greatsword of Ordovis, one of the two honored as foremost among the Crucible Knights.
This sword is imbued with an ancient holy essence.
Its red tint exemplifies the nature of primordial gold, said to be close in nature to life itself.
Alabaster Lord's Sword
Greatsword forged from a blue-white meteoric ore.
The blade conceals gravity-manipulating magic.
A weapon unique to the Alabaster Lords, a race of ancients with skin of stone who were said to have risen to life when a meteor struck long ago.
Banished Knight's Greatsword
A finely-crafted greatsword intricately engraved with an ancient motif.
Given to knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
Most of these knights were sent to the fringes, where they were forced to start anew with only despair for company.
Dark Moon Greatsword
A Moon Greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition.
One of the legendary armaments.
Ranni's sigil is a full moon, cold and leaden, and this sword is but a beam of its light.
Sacred Relic Sword
Sword wrought from the remains of a god who should have lived a life eternal.
Thoughts on what the weapon portends are many and varied. Some consider it the mark of a great sin, or a sign of great devastation. Some think it as the end of an age, while others; the beginning.
Helphen's Steeple
Greatsword patterned after the black steeple of the Helphen, the lampwood which guides the dead of the spirit world.
The lamplight is similar to grace in appearance, only it is said that it can only be seen by those who met their death in battle.
Blasphemous Blade
Sacred sword of Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy.
Remains of the countless heroes he has devoured writhe upon the surface of this blade.
Now they share the same blood, bound together as family.
Some HP is restored upon defeating an enemy.
Marais Executioner's Sword
Storied sword of House Marais, the family of executioners who presided over the Shaded Castle.
One of the legendary armaments.
Elemer of the Briar, the Bell Bearing Hunter, snatched the sword from the site of his looming execution, and furnished it with battle skills from his home of Eochaid.
Sword of Milos
Sinister greatsword fashioned from a giant's backbone. The spines along each side of the blade have been tapered to a fine point and mete out wounds like a lopsided saw-blade.
Milos was undersized for a giant, and was viewed as sullied and terribly grotesque.
Heavy Sword of Milos
Greatsword fashioned from the strong spine of
a dragon. The fine, serrated blade lacerates
its prey, causing severe hemorrhaging.
Golden Order Greatsword
Greatsword made of light, modeled after the Elden Ring itself. Forged by King Consort Radagon to proudly
symbolize the tenets of the Golden Order.
One of the legendary armaments.
Telltale signs betray that this was once the greatsword bequeathed to him by his first wife, Rennala.
Claymore
A large sword with a long, straight blade. This heavy sword is usually wielded with two hands, but for those with enough strength, one is sufficient.
In addition to the heavy sweeping attacks, it can also make a heavy piercing thrust, making this a versatile weapon.
Gargoyle's Greatsword
Bronze greatsword wielded by Valiant Gargoyle.
Just like the wielder, the missing parts have been mended with corpse wax; a patchwork of champions.
Death's Poker
Barbed rod carried by Deathbirds.
The birds are graveyard fire keepers; it is said they rake out the ashen remains of the dead from their kilns.
Gargoyle's Blackblade
Bronze greatsword wielded by Valiant Gargoyle, mended with blackened corpse wax.
Deals holy damage.
Such is the mark of those who serve Maliketh, the Black Blade.
Heavy Gargoyle's Blackblade
Greatsword wielded by the gargoyles
serving under Maliketh.
Greatsword
A coarse iron lump of an ultra greatsword.
Mows down foes by utilizing its incredible weight.
Though handling it likely requires the wielder to have surpassed the realm of the merely human, it is precisely for this reason the weapon is used to slaughter even inhuman foes.
Watchdog's Greatsword
Stone greatsword wielded by Erdtree Burial Watchdogs.
Though decorated with the watchman's eye, the pupil was taken by graverobbers and is now hollow, leaving this sword a mere lump of stone.
Maliketh's Black Blade
Maliketh's black blade which once harbored the power of the Rune of Death. A sad shadow of its former glory.
After a fragment of Death was stolen on that fateful night, Maliketh bound the blade within his own flesh, such that none might ever rob Death again.
Troll's Golden Sword
Sword given to the giants who fought for the Erdtree during the War against the Giants long ago.
Though the giants have lost their minds, they stay inseparable from their swords that are in sad shape—such that the gold plating had flaked away.
Zweihander
Just about the largest sword a mere man is capable of swinging.
True to its name, it is designed to be wielded in both hands, but those of merely ordinary strength will still struggle to do so.
The long blade is heavy and sharp, sending foes reeling back with its broader strokes, while also capable of a devastating piercing thrust.
Starscourge Greatsword
Curved greatswords of black steel wielded by General Radahn.
A pair of weapons decorated with a lion mane motif.
Radahn earned considerable renown as the Starscourge in his youth, and it is said that it was during this time he engraved the gravity crest upon these blades.
Royal Greatsword
Greatsword decorated in royal Carian style.
Favored weapon of Blaidd the Half-Wolf.
In defiance of the fate he was born to, Blaidd swore to serve no master but Ranni. As proof, the sword was imbued with a cold magic at the moment the oath was sworn.
Godslayer's Greatsword
Sacred sword of the Dusk-Eyed Queen who controlled the Godskin Apostles before her defeat at the hands of Maliketh.
The black flames wielded by the apostles are channeled from this sword.
Ruins Greatsword
Originally rubble from a ruin which fell from the sky, this surviving fragment was honed into a weapon.
One of the legendary armaments.
The ruin it came from crumbled when struck by a meteorite, as such this weapon harbors its destructive power.
Grafted Blade Greatsword
The storied sword of Castle Morne. A revenger's weapon, it is burdened with oceans of anger and regret.
One of the legendary armaments.
A lone surviving champion from a country now vanished was so determined to continue fighting that he claimed the swords of an entire clan of warriors.
Troll Knight's Sword
Greatsword embedded with a blue glintstone.
Weapon of the trolls in service to the royal family of Caria. Called into service when the Queen invoked an oath they swore, the trolls are treated as true knights of Caria, and fight arm in arm with their human comrades.
Estoc
Large piercing sword with a long, hard bladed edge which is also capable of slashing attacks.
For its large size, it can be wielded rather nimbly, leaving little opportunity for the enemy to counter.
Cleanrot Knight's Sword
Piercing sword of the Cleanrot Knights who fought alongside Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Mainly used as a backup weapon, in combination with a long-handled armament.
Rapier
A piercing sword with a sharp, slender blade.
In addition to this weapon's thrusting attack prowess, it also boasts the ability to be used while guarding with a shield.
As one of the smaller piercing swords, quick successive thrusts are easy to perform, but without a cutting edge, it cannot be used for slashing attacks.
Rogier's Rapier
Piercing sword of superior quality, featuring intricate ornamentation.
Signature weapon of the sorcerer Rogier.
High dexterity is required to wield the blade to its full potential, but mastery is a sight to behold, characterized by a flowing style which excels in successive attacks.
Antspur Rapier
Spur of a giant ant which has been fashioned into a rapier. The blade drips with scarlet rot.
Scarlet rot is an old legend, of which Maleigh Marais of the Shaded Castle was a private believer. And indeed, he eventually found his own personal goddess.
Frozen Needle
A razor-thin piercing blade of ice.
Forged by Iji, the Carian Royal Blacksmith.
Can inflict frost upon enemies, and launch its blade with a strong attack. The blade immediately regenerates.
Noble's Estoc
Estoc carried by wandering nobles.
Made to be easy to wield.
Daubed with gold from tip to tail, it should fetch a good sum.
Bloody Helice
Ominous piercing sword with a winding blade.
Carried by the noble servants of the Lord of Blood.
Designed to bore into flesh, causing severe blood loss at the wound. The extracted blood trickles gracefully down the length of the blade.
Godskin Stitcher
Elegant piercing sword with a celadon colored blade wielded by Godskin Nobles.
The nobles possess skill with the sword unmatched by any lowborn. Despite its size, successive attacks from this weapon are swifter than the eye can follow.
Great Épée
Large rapier featuring a thin, sharp blade.
Commonly used in life or death duels.
Like its smaller counterparts, it is made for thrusting attacks, and can be used while guarding with a shield.
Dragon King's Cragblade
Piercing Gravel Stone sword containing primeval lightning.
A portion of the Dragonlord's power, gained from a remembrance.
This weapon commands great power over the paltry, mortal dragons of today.
Falchion
A curved sword with a single-sided blade.
Delivers slashing attacks with its sharp blade, but is ineffective against thick armor and hides covered in tough scales.
Wielders of the weapon employ a unique style that enhances attacks with spinning motions.
Beastman's Curved Sword
Curved sword forged of dull iron wielded by the beastmen of Farum Azula.
The blade is heavy but well-balanced. Comparatively easy to wield for the damage it delivers.
Shotel
Curved sword with a severely hooked blade. Its attacks can slip through an enemy's guard.
Made to hunt down humans, this weapon requires high dexterity to wield effectively.
Shamshir
Curved sword with a thin blade of ample length.
Light of weight despite its larger size, its slicing attacks come in rapid succession.
A devastatingly powerful weapon in the hands of a skilled swordsman.
Bandit's Curved Sword
Curved sword with a light, crescent-shaped blade.
Used by the bandits who ran rampant in the wake of the Shattering.
Most of the blade is now darkened and covered in rust, but with enough dexterity this weapon may still stand up to some use.
Magma Blade
Curved sword with a blade fashioned from the lava of Mt. Gelmir.
An armament of the man-serpents, impossible for a human to have made.
Deals fire damage.
Flowing Curved Sword
Legends speak of a master of the sword garbed in blue, and his curved blade that was patterned after flowing water.
Strong attack unleashes a series of strikes akin to a dance, offering a glimpse into the legend.
Wing of Astel
Sword fashioned from a delicate wing, suffused with the magic of the stars.
Strong attack unleashes a wave of enchanted light.
Crafted from a relic of the Naturalborn of the Void who is said to have assailed the Eternal City.
Scavenger's Curved Sword
Unique curved sword, notched like shark's teeth.
Weapon carried by corpse pillagers who prowl the sites of old battles.
The blade is tacky with blood and covered in hefty nicks, making it totally uneven. Life can be sinister indeed.
Sharktooth Curved Sword
Unique curved sword, notched like a shark's tooth.
Stubborn bloodstains cling to the blade, which was
once used to cut the horns from countless Omen.
Eclipse Shotel
Storied sword and treasure of Castle Sol that depicts an eclipsed sun drained of color.
One of the legendary armaments.
In Sol, the sight of an eclipse inspires a dreadful awe, preventing an onlooker from averting his gaze.
Serpent-God's Curved Sword
Curved sword fashioned in the image of an ancient serpent deity and tool of a forgotten religion practiced on Mt. Gelmir.
Formerly used to offer up sacrifices, this sword restores HP upon slaying an enemy.
Mantis Blade
A curved sword with a blade at both ends wielded by the Cemetery Shades, the insect-ridden grave keepers.
The blade is thin and sharp, and strong attack unleashes a far-reaching slash.
Scimitar
A curved sword with a single-sided blade.
Delivers slashing attacks with its sharp blade, but is ineffective against thick armor and hides covered in tough scales.
Smaller in size than most curved swords, it carves into enemies with quick, sharp cuts.
Grossmesser
Curved sword boasting a large blade.
This weapon is designed to make use of its weight in combination with its sharp cutting edge.
A thoroughly reliable choice of weapon for those who can master its particulars.
Onyx Lord's Greatsword
Greatsword forged from golden-hued meteoric ore.
The blade conceals gravity-manipulating magic.
A weapon unique to the Onyx Lords, a race of ancients with skin of stone who were said to have risen to life when a meteor struck long ago.
Dismounter
This curved greatsword wielded by the brawny sellswords of Kaiden combines the blade of a scimitar with the heft of a hatchet.
A difficult to handle weapon that demands much of the wielder's strength and dexterity, but with practice and ability, it can serve as a versatile weapon even on horseback.
Bloodhound's Fang
Curved greatsword with a gently undulating blade wielded by Bloodhound Knights.
A fearsome blade capable of brutal airborne attacks.
Magma Wyrm's Scalesword
Curved greatsword wielded by Magma Wyrms. The shape resembles a dragon's jaw and is covered in hard scales.
It's said these land-bound dragons were once humans heroes who partook in dragon communion, a grave transgression for which they were cursed to crawl the earth upon their bellies, shadows of their former selves.
Zamor Curved Sword
Weapon wielded by the knights of Zamor who earned great renown during the War against the Giants.
In apparent devotion to winter, the curved blade is styled after an icy wind and imbued with a powerful frost effect.
Omen Cleaver
Heavy-bladed curved sword of colossal size awarded to Omen as a tool of war. This weapon is made to take advantage of brute strength.
The pattern etched upon the blade is the remnant of a deteriorative malediction. Indeed, when bestowing a weapon, preparations must be made for taking it away.
Monk's Flameblade
Curved sword with a flickering flame motif.
Wielded by the Fire Monks who came from the Mountaintops of the Giants.
The monks came to the land of Liurnia in pursuit of a fugitive who stole their fire.
Beastman's Cleaver
Curved greatsword of colossal size forged of dull iron and wielded by the beastmen of Farum Azula.
The blade is incredibly heavy, but well-balanced. Comparatively easy to wield for the damage it delivers. It's clear the beastmen possess knowledge beyond human ken.
Morgott's Cursed Sword
Warped blade of shifting hue used by Morgott, the Omen King.
The accursed blood that Morgott recanted and sealed away reformed into this blade.
Holy Inferno Greatsword
Large katana used by Monks of the Giants' Flame.
The characteristic blade has the motif
of flickering flames.
Uchigatana
A katana with a long single-edged curved blade.
A unique weapon wielded by the samurai from the Land of Reeds.
The blade, with its undulating design, boasts extraordinary sharpness, and its slash attacks cause blood loss.
Nagakiba
Katana with a ferociously long blade.
Signature weapon of Yura, hunter of Bloody Fingers.
Reminiscent of a reinforced spear, its imposing length can be put to good use with powerful thrusting attacks.
Hand of Malenia
Blade built into Malenia's prosthetic arm.
Through consecration it is resistant to rot.
Malenia's war prosthesis symbolized her victories.
Some claim to have seen wings when the weapon was raised aloft; wings of fierce determination that have never known defeat.
Meteoric Ore Blade
Katana forged from meteoric ore to dispatch lifeforms born of falling stars.
Deals magic damage.
The blade is weighty, known to deliver slashes of such ferocity that the impact is said to resemble the crash of a falling meteor.
Rivers of Blood
Weapon of Okina, swordsman from the Land of Reeds.
A cursed weapon that has felled countless men.
When Mohg, the Lord of Blood, first felt Okina's sword, and madness, upon his flesh, he had a proposal, to offer Okina the life of a demon, whose thirst would never go unsated.
Moonveil
Katana forged of glintstone.
Masterpiece of a Sellian swordsmith.
Light enwreathes the blade when sheathed, explaining its Moonveil moniker.
Dragonscale Blade
A weapon made by sharpening a Gravel Stone scale, thought to be the source of ancient dragon immortality, into an unclouded blade.
Alas, the Dragonkin Soldiers never attained immortality, and perished as decrepit, pale imitations of their skyborn kin.
Serpentbone Blade
Sinister katana modeled after a serpent bone.
The densely packed row of spines that jut away from the cutting edge are coated in a lethal poison.
Twinblade
A sword with blades on both sides of the hilt.
This weapon is difficult to wield and demands high dexterity.
Can be wielded with a single hand, but its true strength is unlocked with dual-handed spinning attacks.
Godskin Peeler
Unique twinblade wielded by Godskin Apostles characterized by its disturbing design. One end features a sickle for slicing attacks while the other boasts a winding spike for boring into flesh.
Much skill is required to wield this weapon due to its asymmetric nature.
Twinned Knight Swords
An attractive twinblade of fine make that prizes the chivalric way.
Can be wielded with a single hand, but its true strength is unlocked with dual-handed spinning attacks.
Eleonora's Poleblade
Twinned naginata forged in the Land of Reeds.
Chosen weapon of Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger.
Her mastery of the sword was such that her onslaught was likened to a whirlwind, but now her legacy is stained by accursed blood.
Abundance and Decay Twinblade
Twinblade symbolizing twins Miquella and Malenia.
Miquella and his sister were born from an
inseparable fate.
The blades contain the Runes of both
Abundance and Decay.
Abundance Twinblade
Twinblade that contain the power of the
Rune of Abundance.
The holy power within the blade can
call upon part of Miquella's own strength.
Gargoyle's Twinblade
Bronze twinblade wielded by Valiant Gargoyle.
Just like the wielder, the missing parts have been mended with corpse wax; a patchwork of champions.
Gargoyle's Black Blades
Bronze twinblade wielded by Valiant Gargoyle, mended with blackened corpse wax.
Deals holy damage.
Such is the mark of those who serve Maliketh, the Black Blade.
Mace
An iron bludgeon with sharp protrusions.
Striking attacks have few drawbacks, potent as they are at breaking through guards and stances. Most suited to head on slugging matches.
Club
A thick, solid lump of wood.
Wielding this striking weapon requires no skill.
A simple, primitive weapon that requires only brute strength and persistence to hammer your foe into the ground.
Curved Club
Hard, curved club, shaped like a crescent moon.
Wielded instead of a curved sword by Albinaurics lacking dexterity. The only point of similarity between the two is the shape.
Warpick
Warhammer with a hard protruding beak.
A pickaxe designed for combat, in essence.
A simple but highly effective weapon, the weighty piercing attack casually rips through metal armor.
Morning Star
Warhammer comprised of a globe attached to a handle. Though a bludgeon dealing strike damage, the appellative star is covered in spikes which cause blood loss.
Ironic given its graceful name, this weapon often reeks of blood.
Varré's Bouquet
A steel mace resembling a charming bouquet of roses. Each petal has a sharpened edge, leaving the roses perpetually colored with blood.
This weapon reflects White Mask Varré's manner of speech rather well, enticing in its splendor, but full of deadly consequence.
Heavy Varré's Bouquet
A steel mace resembling a bouquet of roses.
On the contrary to its elaborate design,
the flowers are stained blood-red,
giving it the name "Red Rose Mace".
Spiked Club
A club with beast fangs wrapped around the striking end. The uneven spread of fangs causes blood loss.
Given only to the toughest of demi-humans, this weapon is a badge of honor. Or so the demi-humans believe.
Hammer
Hammer comprised of a large stone affixed to a metal handle. Originally a blacksmith's tool.
The art of smithing is said to have originated among the giants. This weapon's striking attacks boast ample weight behind them.
Monk's Flamemace
Warhammer made to resemble flickering flames. Signature weapon of the Fire Monks, who hail from the Mountaintops of the Giants.
The unique strong attack rouses fiery combative spirit.
Envoy's Horn
Golden horn of the Oracle Envoys. Profoundly weighty, its blows are sure to be felt.
Originally an instrument, but one that cannot be sounded by a mere human. Or perhaps it is too early to sound the call.
Scepter of the All-Knowing
Scepter in the form of a hand grasping a pearl. Signature weapon of Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing. The pearl stands for the world, the heavens, and an eye, representing the many forms of knowledge, never fully attainable. Even knowing that, the All-Knowing's hand grasps for it.
Nox Flowing Hammer
Mace shaped like a suspended metal droplet wielded by monks of the Eternal City.
Forged from liquid metal from a Silver Tear, it is thoroughly tempered until hardened.
Ringed Finger
Bludgeon made of an enormous finger sheathed in several heavy rings. Thought to have been cut from an ancestor of the Fingercreeper.
Some life yet remains in this legacy of an ancient act of blasphemy, as evidenced by the barely perceptible warmth it still exudes.
Stone Club
Signature weapon of battlemages, hewn from hard glintstone. This club is much heavier than its size suggests, but has no magic power.
So that they not lose sight of the true essence of combat, battlemages prefer to feel the impact of their blows, fighting their opponents hand to hand.
Marika's Hammer
Stone hammer made in the lands of the Numen, outside the Lands Between. The tool with which Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring and Radagon attempted to repair it.
The hammer partially broke upon shattering the Ring, becoming splintered with rune fragments.
Father Marika's Hammer
Club of simple design, made by fitting
stone to a piece of lumber.
Its small size compared to most clubs
make it easier to wield in close-quarters.
Occult Marika's Hammer
Warhammer wielded by Radagon.
Forged in the age of gods, it harbors
colossal magic power.
Large Club
A thick, solid lump of wood.
Wielding this striking weapon requires no skill.
A simple, primitive weapon that requires only brute strength to swing about.
Greathorn Hammer
Huge thick horn carved with tree ring-like markings adapted into a bludgeoning weapon. Wielded by ancestral follower warriors.
The ancient horn is imbued with the power of ancestral spirits. A small amount of HP is restored upon defeating an enemy.
Battle Hammer
Large iron warhammer designed for gladiatorial combat. Used by duelists who were exiled from the colosseum.
Weighty enough to crush armor and its wearer alike.
Great Mace
Huge bludgeon with sharp protrusions. An enlarged version of its smaller cousin.
Maintains all the advantages of smaller bludgeons, boasting few deficiencies while being very capable at breaking enemy guards and stances. A shrewd choice for simple slugging matches.
Curved Great Club
Large curved club of hard wood, shaped like a crescent moon.
Wielded by Albinaurics lacking the dexterity demanded by a curved sword, and who prefer the added weight and destructive force.
Celebrant's Skull
Large bludgeon decorated with flowers and many-colored fabrics. Ceremonial tool used by dancers during the festivities of Dominula, Windmill Village.
The striking end is a skull too large in size to be human.
Grants trace amounts of runes on landing attacks.
Pickaxe
Large pickaxe designed to crack thick bedrock. Tool of sturdy miners.
Not originally designed as a weapon, but very adept at piercing armor.
"Little wretches, do you think your armor harder than stone?"
Beastclaw Greathammer
Greathammer with a striking end modelled to resemble five beastly claws.
The black nails protruding from golden fur are said to represent Serosh, Lord of Beasts, who went on to become King Godfrey's Regent.
Envoy's Long Horn
Long golden horn of the Oracle Envoys. Profoundly weighty, its blows are sure to be felt.
Originally an instrument, but one that cannot be sounded by a mere human. Or perhaps it is too early to sound the call.
Cranial Vessel Candlestand
Candlestand used in worship of Birac, the most hallowed Monk Prelate of the Giants' Flame. Concerned over the lazy arrogance with which the monks treated the Flame, Birac severed his own head as a lesson to the others, intending it be used as a candlestand. His faith yet smolders from within the cranial vessel.
Great Stars
Huge bludgeon with three stars at the striking end. Though primarily a striking weapon, the stars' spikes cause blood loss.
A blood-stained star is an ill omen, a fact not lost upon those against whom this weapon is brought to bear. Landing attacks slightly restores HP.
Brick Hammer
Weapon made from an ordinary stone brick. Wielded by a laborer who lead a rebellion, and later become a champion himself.
Even among other bludgeons of its size, this weapon is especially weighty. The strength of a giant is required to wield it.
Devourer's Scepter
Scepter in the shape of a serpent devouring the world. This weapon will one day become the very symbol of the Lord of Blasphemy.
One of the legendary armaments.
A vision of the future briefly seen by Rykard in his final moments before being devoured by the great serpent.
Rotten Battle Hammer
Large iron warhammer designed for gladiatorial combat, now festering with scarlet rot.
Weighty enough to crush armor and its wearer alike.
Nightrider Flail
A flail with two additional bludgeoning heads.
Weapon of the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The large spikes make it highly effective at inducing blood loss, but also demand higher dexterity to wield.
Flail
Weapon consisting of a bludgeoning head attached to a handle by a chain. The iron ball is spiked and induces blood loss.
Blows from this weapon cannot be parried. The charge attack whirls the iron ball around for increased force before striking.
Family Heads
Three bludgeoning copper heads attached to a handle by chains. Signature weapon of Necromancer Garris, the heretical sage.
The heads were made to resemble those of his wife and two children.
Bastard's Stars
Flail which deals magic damage, having been imbued with power by the remembrance of Astel.
Formed of the same many-colored star debris that comprised the form of the Naturalborn of the Void.
Chainlink Flail
A spiked iron tube attached by a chain wielded by Mad Pumpkin Heads.
Especially large for a flail, wielding it requires more strength than it does dexterity.
Battle Axe
A thick, heavy blade attached to a handle. A versatile, standard weapon
Capable of powerful attacks thanks to the weighty blade, these weapons are also regarded for their powerful charge attacks.
Forked Hatchet
Peculiar hatchet wielded by imps.
The gently undulating forked blade is known as an "imp's tongue" and causes blood loss.
Hand Axe
Commonly known as a hatchet, this smaller variety of axe is an everyday work tool.
Despite its short reach, it is easy to handle, exceling in successive attacks.
Jawbone Axe
Axe made from a herbivore's skull. Weapon of the ancestral followers who disdain metal.
This axe is more of a bludgeon; it forgoes a bladed edge, instead using the beast's molar teeth to buffet foes, dealing strike damage.
Iron Cleaver
Fairly large iron cleaver, commonly used by the maltreated Misbegotten.
Steeped in resentment, these weapons are swung wildly and relentlessly, often after rushing up to foes. 
Ripple Blade
Unique weapon wielded by young Albinaurics, this sword is modelled after the ripples that are thought to be the origin of their species.
Its attack power is greatly enhanced with one's arcane attribute.
Celebrant's Cleaver
Cleaver decorated with many-colored fabrics. Ceremonial tool used by dancers during the festivities of Dominula, Windmill Village.
Crafted from human bone.
Grants trace amounts of runes upon landing attacks.
Icerind Hatchet
A hatchet with a frost-coated blade. One of several gifts given by Castle Sol in the distant north.
Known as "freezing fog," the blade is thought to be a dragon's scale. Inflicts a powerful frost effect.
Highland Axe
Single-sided axe used by the warriors of the highlands.
Brave combatants begin battle by crying out their names. Roars are enhanced by this weapon.
Sacrificial Axe
Hatchet used in ancient sacrificial rite. A Deathbird is depicted as a malevolent deity.
The power of the rite yet lingers. A small amount of FP is restored upon slaying a foe.
Rosus' Axe
Usher of Death, Rosus, who shows the path to the catacombs throughout the Lands Between, is depicted on this ritual axe.
The dead easily lose their way, and have always been in sore need of a guiding hand.
Burial Axe
Axe of rotted bronze.
A burial gift devoted to the deaths of heroes.
Pieces of meat clinging to the blade have
begun to form into mortuary wax.
Stormhawk Axe
Battle axe designed to resemble a hawk, with its wings comprising the blade. Signature weapon of warriors who strive to remain one with the storm, despite being so far from their place of birth.
Their hearts are proud, and thereby easily undone.
Greataxe
Greataxe akin to a huge lump of iron. Recognized as the weapon of choice of badland chieftains.
Too heavy to be wielded by those of merely ordinary strength, blows from this axe will flatten enemies, and the force of its charged attack is a sight to behold.
Warped Axe
Oversized double-headed axe with a bizarre, almost melted appearance.
Brute strength is the only thing required to wield this weapon, which appears to have taken quite the beating itself.
Great Omenkiller Cleaver
The blade of this huge, loathsome cleaver comprises a row of amputated Omen horns. Weapon of slaughter wielded by Omenkillers. 
The hideous horns cause blood loss, adding vibrant colors to the ongoing mayhem.
Crescent Moon Axe
Greataxe with a large, arcing blade and long handle. The "Crescent Moon" of its name is said to have been spurred by nostalgia.
Specializes in sweeping through foes by making use of its long handle.
Axe of Godrick
Greataxe wielded by Godrick the Grafted. This golden battleaxe is emblazoned with the figure of a beast, representing the strength of Godfrey, First Elden Lord and patriarch of the golden lineage.
"I command thee kneel! For I am the lord of all that is golden!"
Longhaft Axe
Large iron axe with a long handle. Weapon of the maltreated Misbegotten.
Making use of the force generated by its length, this weapon's resentment-charged blows are difficult to stop.
Rusted Anchor
A rusty anchor wielded as a weapon. Each of its four flukes is thick and sharp, enabling piercing attacks.
When the Tarnished left the Lands Between with their Lord, one boat alone was said to have been left behind.
Executioner's Greataxe
Bulky cleaver welded to a long haft. Said to have been used to dispatch the remnants of defeated armies, felling them like timber.
Perhaps that is the reason it excels at critical hits.
Winged Greathorn
A unique horn in which the power of ancestral spirits fiercely dwells, this large, wing-shaped specimen is wielded as a weapon of spirit worship.
In the ancestral spirit-worshipping faith, these are considered envoys' wings, made to reap the lives of beings which experience no sprouting.
Butchering Knife
Huge carving knife made to cleanly butcher the human body. Signature weapon of the Ogress Anastasia, known to have eaten countless Tarnished while disguised as a Finger Maiden.
Restores a very small amount of HP when it squarely strikes an enemy.
Gargoyle's Great Axe
Bronze greataxe wielded by Valiant Gargoyle.
Just like the wielder, the missing parts have been mended with corpse wax; a patchwork of champions.
Gargoyle's Black Axe
Bronze greataxe wielded by Valiant Gargoyle, mended with blackened corpse wax.
Deals holy damage.
Such is the mark of those who serve Maliketh, the Black Blade.
Heavy Gargoyle's Black Axe
Greataxe wielded by the gargoyles
serving under Maliketh.
Short Spear
A exceedingly plain spear of modest weight.
Simple to wield compared to many of its peers, strong attack unleashes a series of successive piercing thrusts.
Spear
Weapon comprised of a blade attached to a long haft.
A far-reaching piercing weapon, it can be wielded from behind the safety of a raised shield. Very effective against mounted foes.
Crystal Spear
Spear fashioned from pure crystal; a deed impossible for a human. Enwreathed with powerful magic, its attack scales with intelligence. The inscrutable Crystalians have but one clear purpose; to safeguard their crystals unto the end. One theory posits that they yearn for the return of their creator who will carve for them new brethren.
Clayman's Harpoon
Harpoon with a tip made from a sharpened meteorite shard. Wielded by the claymen who infest dynastic remains.
The blade emits a faint light and deals magic damage.
Cleanrot Spear
Spear of the Cleanrot Knights who fought alongside Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
The winged golden blade deals holy damage. The diminutive shield is blessed with an incantation that wards off rot.
Heavy Cleanrot Knight's Spear
Spear used by knights in service of Malenia,
the twin sister who possessed the Rune of Decay.
With its sharp tip, the weapon specializes in
running opponents through.
Partisan
Spear with a wide tip.
In addition to its thrusting attacks, this highly versatile weapon can be swung to sweep through foes.
Celebrant's Rib-Rake
Rake decorated with many-colored fabrics. Ceremonial tool used by dancers during the festivities of Dominula, Windmill Village.
Crafted from human bone.
Grants trace amounts of runes upon landing attacks.
Pike
A longspear featuring an especially lengthy handle.
Specialized for use from long distances, it boasts the longest reach of any melee weapon. Incredibly useful even against foes on horseback, but hard to wield in cramped spaces.
Torchpole
Torch fastened to a long pole. Lights up dark areas, but cannot be raised overhead.
Used by soldiers on watch, its attacks set foes aflame.
Bolt of Gransax
Spear whittled from the weapon wielded by Gransax.
One of the legendary armaments.
A great ancient dragon, Gransax once rained calamity upon the Royal Capital—the only time in historical record that Leyndell's walls have fallen. This marked the dawn of the war against the ancient dragons.
Cross-Naginata
Weapon consisting of a three-pronged blade affixed to a long pole. The long central blade closely resembles a katana.
A weapon of the Land of Reeds, known for its ability to be wielded as a spear while still being capable of performing slashing attacks.
Death Ritual Spear
Ritual spear used by priests of old who were permitted to come among the Deathbirds.
The priests became guardians of the birds through the rite of Death, which also serves as an oath sworn to their distant resurrection.
Inquisitor's Girandole
Instrument of torture used on nobles behind the curtain at the Volcano Manor of Mt. Gelmir.
Its numerous spikes pierce the flesh, then singe the wounds with flame. The smell of burnt blood induces despair in the victim. A candlestick conceived by a thorough mind.
Spiked Spear
Weapon comprised of a spiked cylinder attached to a long pole. Capable of dealing strike damage when swung. The spikes induce blood loss.
Weapon of the Marionette Soldiers employed by sorcerers.
Iron Spear
Commonly used iron spear with no notable traits.
The blade is severely rusted.
Rotten Crystal Spear
Spear fashioned from pure crystal; a deed impossible for a human.
Enwreathed with powerful magic, its attack scales with intelligence. Though festering with scarlet rot, its magic remains potent.
Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear
Trident of Mohg, Lord of Blood. A sacred spear that will come to symbolize his dynasty.
As well as serving as a weapon, it is an instrument of communion with an outer god who bestows power upon accursed blood. The mother of truth desires a wound.
Siluria's Tree
Siluria's Tree, weapon of one of the two honored as foremost among the Crucible Knights.
The primordial form of the Erdtree is close in nature to life itself, and this spear, modeled on its crucible, is imbued with ancient holy essence. 
Serpent-Hunter
Weapon that serves as both greatsword and spear. Thought to have been used to hunt an immortal great serpent in the distant past, it manifests a long blade of light when facing such a creature. When their master's heroic aspirations degenerated into mere greed, his men searched for a weapon with which they might halt their lord.
Vyke's War Spear
War spear singed and blistered by fingers, used by Vyke, Knight of the Roundtable Hold.
Like Vyke himself, it has been tormented by the yellow flame of frenzy from within.
Lance
Considered a type of greatspear, this weapon has no blade, but instead features a long, conical body designed to pierce.
Though heavy and hard to wield, this weapon displays its worth in horseback combat whether mounted or even on foot.
Treespear
Golden spear with tree-like design. Wielded by knights employed as palace guards in the Royal Capital of Leyndell.
Deals holy damage.
Requiring superior dexterity to wield, this greatspear can perform consecutive thrust attacks despite its larger size.
Halberd
A long-handled polearm that combines the functions of both axe and spear.
Can be used to press a single enemy with continuous thrusting attacks, or swept at groups, taking advantage of its great reach and cleaving blade. A versatile weapon for any situation.
Pest's Glaive
Glaive made from a hard, sharpened shell. Wielded by the pests who emerged from the Swamp of Aeonia.
Slightly increases non-physical damage negation.
Though men might recognize the keen intellect of the pests evidenced by this spear's uncanny design, it will never be understood by them.
Lucerne
This polearm features a hard, sharpened beak-like spike attached to its head, designed to pierce armor.
Though designed mainly as a thrusting weapon, its long handle can be utilized to get around an enemy's guard with a sideward sweeping attack.
Banished Knight's Halberd
A finely-crafted halberd intricately engraved with an ancient motif.
Given to knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
Most of these knights were sent to the fringes, where they were forced to start anew with only despair for company.
Commander's Standard
A beaten red battle standard is furled around this time-worn halberd.
Even after his lord was fled, Commander O'Neil continued to brandish this flag in the devastation of the rot-eaten field of battle, the sole veteran who remembers this battle with pride.
Nightrider Glaive
A jet-black glaive with a blade as weighty as a bludgeon. Weapon of the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
This glaive excels at weighty slash attacks that crash into foes, making it a powerful weapon even on horseback.
Ripple Crescent Halberd
Weapon wielded by young Albinaurics.
The blade is said to resemble a partial image of a ripple, and its attack power scales with one's arcane attribute.
Vulgar Militia Saw
A weapon comprised of a saw blade attached to a long grip. Brandished by the vulgar militia, its serrated edge is very effective at inflicting blood loss. The saw is said to also be used to cut up bodies to feed the militia, but there are no firsthand witnesses to confirm the dire rumor.
Golden Halberd
Weighty halberd forged of gold. Wielded by the Order of Tree Sentinels, heavily equipped knights.
Deals holy damage.
A masterfully crafted weapon that lives up to its heft, but is difficult for one of mere human strength to wield.
Glaive
Weapon comprised of a sharp blade affixed to a long grip. It is in fact a sickle repurposed to be a tool of war.
This far-reaching weapon excels at slashing attacks.
Loretta's War Sickle
Intricately crafted silver war sickle wielded by Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree.
Originally given for service as a personal guard to Carian royalty, the weapon's blue glintstone has been replaced with unalloyed gold.
Guardian's Swordspear
Weapon comprising a long handle and broad blade sharpened from the hard wood of old trees.
Wielded by guardians of the Minor Erdtrees, known as experts in the arts of combat. The power of this weapon scales greatly with dexterity.
Vulgar Militia Shotel
A hooked blade attached to a long handle. Wielded by the vulgar militia, its attacks can slip through an enemy's guard.
The vulgar militia are the undecorated stewards of rancid, scorched battlefields that none dare approach, and forbidden domains better forgotten by the rest of the world.
Dragon Halberd
Halberd shaped like a dragon, enwreathed with both ice and lightning.
Alas, the Dragonkin Soldiers never attained immortality, and perished as decrepit, pale imitations of their skyborn kin.
Heavy Dragon Halberd
Relatively large halberd with a striking point
modeled on a dragon.
A one-of-a-kind masterwork made by
a weaponsmith who was enamored with
dragons and their strength.
Gargoyle's Halberd
Bronze halberd wielded by Valiant Gargoyle.
Just like the wielder, the missing parts have been mended with corpse wax; a patchwork of champions.
Gargoyle's Black Halberd
Bronze halberd wielded by Valiant Gargoyle, mended with blackened corpse wax.
Deals holy damage.
Such is the mark of those who serve Maliketh, the Black Blade.
Heavy Gargoyle's Black Halberd
Halberd wielded by the gargoyles
serving under Maliketh.
Scythe
Large scythe featuring a long, slender blade. Designed to reap, this weapon is capable of rapidly inflicting blood loss while also slipping through an enemy's guard.
In the hands of a highly dexterous wielder it is capable of striking fear into the heart of any foe.
Grave Scythe
Greatscythe comprised of a large blade affixed to a crooked stick. Weapon wielded by the aged grave keepers who tend the forgotten graveyards throughout the Lands Between.
This weapon is said to have served as a charm against evil spirits in times of old.
Halo Scythe
War scythe of the Cleanrot Knights who fought alongside Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
This was the weapon of commanders in Malenia's army, and the half-halo blade deals holy damage.
Heretic's Hook
Scythe used both for collecting
and offering up the dead.
The blade itself seems to be
a tortured, maddened thing.
Winged Scythe
Sacred scythe resembling a pair of white wings. Deals holy damage.
According to pagan belief, white-winged maidens are said to be Death's gentle envoys.
Whip
A leather whip. Not originally used for combat, but as an instrument of pain.
Though its supple attacks cannot be thwarted by parrying or even guarding, it is incapable of dealing critical hits.
Thorned Whip
Hefty whip covered in crimson thorns. Weapon of the Prelates who lead the Fire Monks. A device of fearsome religious encouragement, it is fashioned in the image of the briars of sin.
Very effective at inflicting blood loss.
Magma Whip Candlestick
This ritual implement is a three pronged candlestick with solid flames formed of the magma of Mt. Gelmir.
When wielded as a weapon, the flames become supple whips of lava.
Heavy Lava Whip
Whip with a unique three-headed shape.
The power of flame dwells within, and when
imbued with magic, lava spews from its end.
Hoslow's Petal Whip
Metal whip formed of razor-sharp chain-link blades that have the appearance of flower petals. This work of art is handed down through the generations of the illustrious House Hoslow.
High dexterity is required to wield this weapon, but it excels at inflicting devastating blood loss.
"The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood."
Giant's Red Braid
Hefty whip woven from the flame-red hair of a Fire Giant.
Every giant is red of hair, and Radagon was said to have despised his own red locks. Perhaps that was a curse of their kind.
Urumi
This weapon made of extremely thin, flexible blades of metal is wielded like a whip by Nightfolk warriors.
Though in essence a whip with a cutting edge, it can also be used as a spear to pierce foes.
Caestus
A weapon built for striking with the fists, made of tough leather inlaid with iron rivets.
Fist weapons come in pairs, and two-handing this weapon will equip it to both hands.
Spiked Caestus
A caestus with the rivets replaced by blood loss-inducing spikes.
Fist weapons come in pairs, and two-handing this weapon will equip it to both hands.
Grafted Dragon
The embodiment of the power that still remained in the dragon's head that was grafted to Godrick's left arm.
The wielder's arm will take the form of a small dragon, sprouting sharp dragon fangs at the fist.
This weapon cannot be two-handed.
Iron Ball
Iron manifer of spherical shape. Big Boggart the blackguard's weapon of choice.
Not a weapon to be taken lightly, as its weighty blows shatter bones with ease.
Star Fist
Spherical iron manifer covered in spikes which induce blood loss.
Used in brutal games of pugilism.
Katar
Imported dagger design with a rather unique handle. The blade can be swung about as the extension of one's fist.
Clinging Bone
Horrific weapon made of a hardened skeletal arm. Wielded by Ensha of the Royal Remains.
Fitted by placing one's hands into the fists' grips until they dig in.
"O clinging creature. A king relinquishes not the hand."
Veteran's Prosthesis
Bladed prosthetic leg enwreathed with the power of lightning, instead attached to the fist. Commander Niall, veteran of Castle Sol, offered this prosthesis in exchange for the lives of defeated knights held prisoner. He went on to lead these men as an army of no nation.
Cipher Pata
One of the weapons originating from the Two Fingers. A formless sequence of ciphers comprise its blade, and as such no shield can repel it. Deals holy damage.
The furtive inscription appears to hang in the air; the language of light spoken by the Two Fingers.
Hookclaws
Weapon worn on the fist comprised of sharp parallel blades favored by those who lurk in the dark. Lacerations cause blood loss with great effect.
Claw weapons come in pairs, and two-handing this weapon will equip it to both hands.
Venomous Fang
One of the weapons designed for gladiatorial combat. Used by duelists who were exiled from the colosseum.
The black fang protruding from the bronze snake head is coated in deadly poison.
Bloodhound Claws
Large curved claws used by Bloodhound Knights.
The curve allows the weapon to slip through an enemy's guard.
Raptor Talons
Claw comprised of two sharp, thin blades. Wielded by the assassins of ravenmount, this weapon allows them to imitate the attacks of Deathbirds.
Besides excelling at airborne attacks, its charge attack mimics the vicious swoop of a bird of prey. 
Prelate's Inferno Crozier
Colossal hammer with the appearance of roiling flames. Weapon of the Prelates who lead the Fire Monks. Its heft represents the weight of their guardianship.
The hammer's head is unusually substantial, and strong attacks will fling foes into the air.
Watchdog's Staff
Large stone staff embedded with glintstone. Wielded by Erdtree Burial Watchdogs who protect catacombs.
The Watchdogs, battered and broken over their lengthy tenure, rule the catacombs and are even said to command the imps.
Heavy Watchdog's Crosier
Great hammer wielded by golems
protecting the Undercapital Labyrinth.
Extraordinary strength is required
to wield something so heavy.
Great Club
An enormous club of hard wood. Wildly hammering foes with this striking weapon requires no dexterity; only brute force. While it may seem sacrilegious, this weapon is said to be a withered branch of the Erdtree. Imbued with holy power, this weapon will never snap.
Envoy's Greathorn
Fanned golden horn of the Oracle Envoys. Profoundly weighty, its blows are sure to be felt.
Originally an instrument, but one that cannot be sounded by a mere human. Or perhaps it is too early to sound the call.
Duelist Greataxe
Greataxe designed for gladiatorial combat. Used by duelists who were exiled from the colosseum.
A weapon reserved for duelist champions, the charge attack is particularly ferocious.
Axe of Godfrey
Weapon of Godfrey, Elden Lord. It was broken in a battle fought as leader of the Tarnished during the Long March. This weapon is symbolic of Godfrey's vow to conduct himself as a lord, later becoming an emblem of the golden lineage. In the days of the past, a crown was warranted with strength.
Dragon Greatclaw
Weapon said to have been whittled from the claw of a great, ancient dragon, wielded by grotesque Tree Sentinels who yet serve the Erdtree.
The claw is enwreathed with lightning, and tears through the dragons' feeble descendants with ease.
Staff of the Avatar
Ceremonial staff depicting the Erdtree in its historic radiance. Wielded by the avatars who protect the Minor Erdtrees.
The avatars, emerging in the wake of the Elden Ring's shattering, were determined to protect the withering Erdtree's offspring.
Fallingstar Beast Jaw
Part of a Fallingstar Beast's jaw, hard and shining black, fashioned into a weapon.
With its sharp point, this colossal weapon can skewer foes.
Ghiza's Wheel
Great iron wheel lined with flesh-flaying blades. Device of torture used by Inquisitor Ghiza. As the wheel spins it causes severe pain and blood loss.
The design was adopted for use as the iconic weapon wielded by Iron Virgins.
Giant-Crusher
A hammer made from a boulder, used in the War against the Giants. One of the heftiest weapons in the entire Lands Between. After the giants were quelled, and man turned against man in violence, this weapon was all but forgotten. Man has grown feeble in comparison to his forebears.
Golem's Halberd
A great halberd of black stone crafted by a civilization now gone to ruin. Wielded by the Guardian Golem.
Troll's Hammer
Mining tool of stonedigger trolls used to crack bedrock.
Trolls are descended from the giants, and these were supposedly once used as ceremonial smithing tools. In the distant past, smithing was considered divine.
Rotten Staff
Ceremonial staff depicting the Erdtree in its historic radiance. It festers with scarlet rot.
Wielded by the avatars who protect the Minor Erdtrees.
Rotten Greataxe
Greataxe designed for gladiatorial combat, now festering with scarlet rot.
Used by duelists who were exiled from the colosseum.
Torch
This torch's tip is wrapped in oil-soaked rags and set on fire.
The flame can illuminate dark locales, or be used to attack enemies.
Can be raised up when equipped in the left hand,
illuminating more of the surrounding area.
Steel-Wire Torch
Torch wound with metal wire. The flame can illuminate dark locales, or be used to attack enemies.
Heavier than a normal torch, but the heated filament boosts fire damage dealt.
St. Trina's Torch
Candlestand torch that burns with a light-purple flame. The carvings depict St. Trina, but in adult form, somewhat unnervingly.
The light-purple flame induces sleep.
Ghostflame Torch
Metal torch that burns with cold ghostflame. Tool of the Fallen Hawks who prowl the underground rivers. When the band's last embers were used up in their long search, they began to burn the bones of their fellows, acquiring the cold ghostflame, but sealing their fate as dwellers of the underground for all eternity.
Beast-Repellent Torch
A torch which burns oil infused with a special incense. The aroma pacifies wild beasts.
Torches such as these were used to keep unwelcome beasts away from treasure troves hidden in caves.
Sentry's Torch
Torch given to protectors of the Erdtree. Its flames are bestowed with a special incantation which allows the bearer to see assassins cloaked in veils. Furnished on behalf of the Erdtree and the Grace-Given Lord such that a Night of Black Knives will never come again.
Buckler
A small metal roundshield. The bump in the center is designed to parry.
A well-timed parry deflects an enemy's attack, breaking their stance and leaving them open to a critical hit. Though risk is inherent, this shield favors aggression.
Perfumer's Shield
Golden shield used by the perfumers of Leyndell during military service.
Made to be thin and light of weight, even those lacking strength can employ this immunity-boosting shield.
Man-Serpent's Shield
Small copper dome-shaped roundshield carried by the man-serpents of Mt. Gelmir.
Said to have been tempered in lava, it boasts great resistance to fire.
Rickety Shield
A creaky old wooden shield, circular in shape. Roughly reinforced with vines.
There are countless other shields available of better make. This piece of scrap isn't worth the effort of equipping.
Pillory Shield
Pillory made to punish serious felons, used as a shield. Though made of good, sturdy wood, it is only a makeshift tool and performs as such.
Perhaps due to its use as a device with which the guilty were made to endure prolonged suffering, it raises vitality.
Beastman's Jar-Shield
Shield fashioned from a tall broken jar carried by the beastmen of Farum Azula. There is a particular knack to wielding it.
The beastmen have always fired earthenware jars for the express purpose of making shields. Such are their ways, strange though they are.
Red Thorn Roundshield
A small, wooden roundshield. It is light and easy to handle, but cannot offer the damage negation of a metal shield.
Its emblem is an ancient thorn design. Though it isn't much, it boosts fire damage negation.
Scripture Wooden Shield
A small, wooden roundshield. It is light and easy to handle, but cannot offer the damage negation of a metal shield.
An ancient cipher engraving lines the circumference. Though it isn't much, it boosts holy damage negation.
Riveted Wooden Shield
Small wooden roundshield that has been reinforced with metal. It is light and easy to handle, but cannot offer the damage negation of a true metal shield.
The design riveted to the center represents both sword and tree.
Blue-White Wooden Shield
Small wooden roundshield that has been reinforced with metal. It is light and easy to handle, but cannot offer the damage negation of a true metal shield.
The design is said to represent the stars of the night sky, portending fate.
Rift Shield
Small metal roundshield depicting a sinister rift.
An antiquated charm that glares back at an enemy, it boosts focus.
Iron Roundshield
An ordinary small roundshield made of metal. Heavier than a wooden shield, but boasts higher damage negation.
Finely balanced, this shield is easy to use.
Gilded Iron Shield
Small metal roundshield. Heavier than a wooden shield, but boasts higher damage negation.
Though the gold leaf is peeling and the effect is slight, it still boosts holy damage negation.
Ice Crest Shield
Small metal roundshield. Heavier than a wooden shield, but boasts higher damage negation.
The ice crest originates from a Carian princess. Though the effect is slight, it boosts magic damage negation and resistance to frost.
Smoldering Shield
Small shield made upon Mt. Gelmir forged from uncooling lava.
Resists frost with its heat, and can even be used to deal fire damage if wielded as a weapon.
Spiralhorn Shield
Small shield of antlers arranged in an eddy-like pattern. If used to attack a foe, the shield's antlers inflict blood loss. Once given to a Tarnished warrior who cultivated close ties to the ancestral followers. Though the effect is only slight, it boosts immunity, robustness, and focus.
Coil Shield
Armament designed for gladiatorial combat. Rises above its peers as a particularly showy specimen.
The sculpted bronze snake is a poisonous breed, boosting the wielder's resistance to poison.
Kite Shield
A standard medium-sized metal shield.
Metal shields reliably negate physical damage when guarding, a trait which made them highly trusted on the battlefield.
Marred Leather Shield
Leather shield of Stormveil soldiers. Much like the castle, it is marred by mottling and thorns.
Some say it is the curse of grafting which causes such affliction, while others talk of its root being something altogether more sinister hidden deep within the castle.
Marred Wooden Shield
Wooden shield of Stormveil soldiers. Much like the castle, it is marred by mottling and thorns.
Some say it is the curse of grafting which causes such affliction, while others talk of its root being something altogether more sinister hidden deep within the castle.
Banished Knight's Shield
A tall medium-sized metal shield. Given to knights who, whether by misfortune or misdeed, were forced to abandon their homes.
Most of these knights were sent to the fringes, where they were forced to start anew with only despair for company.
Albinauric Shield
Tall oval shield made of metal carried by young Albinaurics. The ornamentation represents the primordial drop of dew from which they are said to have been created.
Boasts exceptional magic damage negation. The Albinaurics' most formidable foes were sorcerers, after all.
Sun Realm Shield
Shield of honor depicting a city crowned by the sun. It has seen better days.
Much like the wear upon the shield, the Seat of the Sun is long faded away.
Silver Mirrorshield
Shield of radiant silver, festooned with amber and carried by Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree.
The shape is said to imitate that of a sacred drop of dew, which inspired the absurd rumor that Loretta herself was an Albinauric.
Round Shield
A wooden roundshield that has been reinforced with metal.
Comparatively light for its size, this shield is easy to handle but lacks a true metal shield's ability to negate damage.
Scorpion Kite Shield
A standard medium-sized metal shield. Highly reputed for its solid build and reliability.
Emblazoned with a yellow scorpion, a warning of surprise attacks and sudden strikes.
Twinbird Kite Shield
Shield featuring a vividly painted twinbird.
The twinbird is said to be the envoy of an outer god, and mother of the Deathbirds.
At dwindling levels of HP, this shield slightly boosts both attack and defense.
Blue-Gold Kite Shield
A standard medium-sized metal shield. Highly reputed for its solid build and reliability.
The design represents the Erdtree foregrounded against a blue sky.
Brass Shield
On the larger side for a medium-sized shield, the face has been covered in brass.
Commonly employed in the Shattering.
Great Turtle Shell
Shield fashioned from a great turtle shell. The natural curve helps it contend with foes' attacks.
The turtle is a symbol of tirelessness, and this shield boosts stamina recovery speed.
Shield of the Guilty
Shield made to venerate a maiden whose eyes were crushed by Briars of Sin before being reborn in these lands.
Venerating the repose of the soul, this shield boosts focus. The briars can be used to attack foes.
Carian Knight's Shield
A teardrop-shaped, medium-sized shield embedded with blue glintstones.
Carried by knights who served the Carian royal family.
Excels when facing magic or holy attacks. Just who were these knights preparing to fight?
Large Leather Shield
A roundshield covered in leather. On the larger side for a medium-sized shield.
Though its damage negation may be lacking compared to a metal shield, it can handle a wider range of attack affinities.
Horse Crest Wooden Shield
A tall, medium-sized wooden shield. Light for its size, and easy to handle.
The circular horsehead design evokes a swift gallop.
Candletree Wooden Shield
A tall, medium-sized wooden shield. Light for its size, and easy to handle.
Thought to represent a surreptitious prophecy of cardinal sin, the lit candle-tree design was forbidden.
Flame Crest Wooden Shield
A tall, medium-sized wooden shield. Light for its size, and easy to handle. Carried by soldiers of the village that is afflicted by frenzy.
The yellow flame is the symbol of the affliction, serving as a warning to those who might approach the village.
Hawk Crest Wooden Shield
A tall, medium-sized wooden shield. Light for its size, and easy to handle.
Adorned with a long-forgotten crest of Stormveil, ancient in design.
Beast Crest Heater Shield
A medium-sized metal shield. Easier to handle than a kite shield.
Features a beast as its crest, serving to remind warriors not to succumb to the arousal of battle. Fight with passion, but become not its prisoner.
Red Crest Heater Shield
A medium-sized metal shield. Easier to handle than a kite shield.
The crest symbolizes red wings.
Blue Crest Heater Shield
A medium-sized metal shield. Easier to handle than a kite shield.
The crest represents a forest and river.
Eclipse Crest Heater Shield
A medium-sized metal shield. Easier to handle than a kite shield.
The sun in eclipse is said to be the symbol of the Wandering Mausoleum where the soulless demigods slumber.
Inverted Hawk Heater Shield
A medium-sized metal shield. Easier to handle than a kite shield.
The inverted hawk is the emblem of the company of slaves ordered to explore the Eternal City.
Heater Shield
A medium-sized metal shield, comparatively easy to handle.
Metal shields reliably negate physical damage when guarding, a trait which made them highly trusted on the battlefield.
Black Leather Shield
Roundshield covered in black leather. On the larger side for a medium-sized shield.
From the north, this shield depicts the polar star in rivets of gold. The inside is lined with fur, protecting the carrier from frost.
Dragon Towershield
Tower shield engraved with a dragon, symbol of protection. Heavy even among greatshields, it possesses exceptional guarding ability.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock.
Distinguished Greatshield
Greatshield featuring sumptuous ornamentation used by the scions of great families.
Due to their excessive size, these shields were at times seen as the hallmark of little lordlings who were too timid to earn a few nicks and scratches.
Crucible Hornshield
Greatshield of red-tinged gold carried by Crucible Knights. Features a great horn.
An ancient holiness dwells within. The crucible horn skewers foes when performing shield bashes.
Dragonclaw Shield
Greatshield said to have been whittled from the claw of a great, ancient dragon, wielded by grotesque Tree Sentinels who yet serve the Erdtree.
Imbued with lightning.
Briar Greatshield
Greatshield from a foreign land, used by Elemer of the Briar. Attacks with this armament utilize the iron thorns that have been wound around its frame.
Originates from Eochaid, a land of proudly solitary ascetics.
Erdtree Greatshield
Weighty greatshield forged of gold carried by the order of Tree Sentinels, heavily equipped knights. Blessed by an old incantation of protection.
The living rampart of the Erdtree, the Tree Sentinels are the standard to which all defenders of the Erdtree aspire.
Heavy Erdtree Greatshield
Shield used by Tree Sentinels.
Treated with gold, featuring a delicate design.
Golden Beast Crest Shield
Shield of dull gold with a beast engraved as its crest. Lighter than most greatshields, and subsequently easier to wield.
The beast depicted is Serosh, aged counselor who guides the golden lineage.
Jellyfish Shield
The head of a spirit jellyfish, commonly found floating above sacred ground throughout the Lands Between, wielded without modification as a shield.
The see-through head is extremely light, but its flesh is supple, providing absolutely no protection from piercing attacks.
Fingerprint Stone Shield
A great stone shield with an intricately carved fingerprint design. One of the heaviest of all greatshields. Part of the tomb of an ancient god, the Readerless Fingers relayed their message through these imprints, said to be the very seeds from which frenzy first sprouted.
Icon Shield
Greatshield painted with a divine scene; the recipience of a blessed tear from the Erdtree. An item that looks back fondly on the age of plenty.
The divine scene acts in and of itself as a sacred invocation; gradually restoring the carrier's HP.
One-Eyed Shield
Tricksome shield made from white stone depicting a malformed one-eyed god. The barrel of a firearm pokes through the open mouth.
Once worshipped by the giants, this evil deity is believed to have been slain by Queen Marika.
Visage Shield
Tricksome bronze shield depicting the face of a Fire Giant. Several tongues leap from its open mouth.
The dreadful visage and burning flames are designed to remind one of the horror of facing a Fire Giant. In other words, this shield has an instructional function.
Spiked Palisade Shield
A large wooden shield covered with spikes. Though relatively light, it lacks in damage negation.
Designed to perform shield bashes, these attacks riddle the enemy with holes, earning it the nickname of "pard shield."
Manor Towershield
An iron greatshield large enough to cover the entire body. Depicts the Roundtable Hold, gathering place of champions.
Greatshields boast high damage negation and guard capacity, making enemy attacks easy to repel.
Crossed-Tree Towershield
An iron greatshield large enough to cover the entire body. Emblazoned with an old, interleaving tree.
Greatshields boast high damage negation and guard capacity, making enemy attacks easy to repel.
Inverted Hawk Towershield
An iron greatshield large enough to cover the entire body. Features an inverted hawk crest.
Greatshields boast high damage negation and guard capacity, making enemy attacks easy to repel.
Ant's Skull Plate
Huge head of one of the giant ants which inhabit the two underground rivers, used without modification as a shield. Excels at repelling enemy attacks.
Giant ants are venomous creatures, granting a boost to immunity when wielding this shield.
Redmane Greatshield
Greatshield shaped like a fang, featuring the crest of red-maned lion. Carried by the Redmane Knights who fought alongside Radahn.
Eclipse Crest Greatshield
Metal greatshield painted with a sun in eclipse. Carried by the headless mausoleum knights.
The eclipsed sun, drained of color, is the protective star of soulless demigods. It aids the mausoleum knights by keeping Destined Death at bay.
Cuckoo Greatshield
Metal greatshield painted with a peering cuckoo. Carried by the enchanted knights sworn to the academy.
Boasting high magic damage negation, this shield is used to hunt down mages.
"Our enemy is none other than Caria itself."
Golden Greatshield
Oval greatshield made of gold, carried by knights who protect the Royal Capital of Leyndell.
Knights of Leyndell are reputed for their sturdiness, exemplified by this shield's exceptional guard capacity.
Gilded Greatshield
Metal greatshield coated with gold. Carried by knights loyal to Godrick.
The red tinge in the gold coat mirrors the primordial matter that became the Erdtree. The color of homeward yearning.
Haligtree Crest Greatshield
Metal greatshield depicting the Haligtree with unalloyed gold. Carried by knights who have vowed to serve Miquella's Haligtree. Possesses high holy damage negation. Yet now, with the Haligtree misshapen, this wondrous rendition is a fleeting fantasy.
Wooden Greatshield
Wooden greatshield reinforced with a metal ornamentation.
Greatshields boast high damage negation and guard capacity, making enemy attacks easy to repel.
Lordsworn's Shield
Wooden tower shield. Lightweight for a greatshield and easy to handle.
Commonly used in the Shattering.
Greatshields boast high damage negation and guard capacity, making enemy attacks easy to repel.
Glintstone Staff
Staff with a glintstone embedded at the tip. A catalyst for casting sorceries.
Sorceries must be memorized first at a site of lost grace, and a staff must be equipped to cast them.
Crystal Staff
Staff fashioned from pure crystal; a deed impossible for a human. Enhances Crystalian sorceries.
The Crystalian's faint cogitation is known as the "wisdom of stone." This staff can only be wielded by those of intellect high enough to grasp such wisdom.
Gelmir Glintstone Staff
Staff with a forked tip, embedded with red glintstones. Enhances lava sorceries.
The Man-Serpents of Mt. Gelmir draw from faith in addition to intelligence to enhance the potency of their sorcery.
Demi-Human Queen's Staff
Glintstone staff styled as a scepter. A gift once given to the demi-humans to foster peace, it can be wielded even by those of low intelligence.
Sneered at by fools in the academy.
Carian Regal Scepter
Magic scepter of Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. The glintstone is known as a Carian Blue, enhancing full moon sorceries.
Only those of the highest intelligence may wield this, the finest of all glintstone staves.
Digger's Staff
Staff of a sorcerer-miner who extracts glintstone from crystal tunnels. The staff itself is a tool used to mine, and the ferrule is also embedded with a glintstone.
Boosts the power of Stonedigger sorceries.
Astrologer's Staff
Staff of the astrologers. A glintstone is embedded in the tip, enabling it to be used a catalyst for sorceries.
Sorceries must be memorized first at a site of lost grace, and a staff must be equipped to cast them.
Carian Glintblade Staff
Staff embedded with a blue glintstone. One of two types of Carian staff.
Gifted to enchanted knights, it enhances Glintblade sorceries.
Prince of Death's Staff
Staff embedded with sullied amber, said to be a very part of the Prince of Death. Enhances death sorceries.
One of the staves deemed heretical by the academy for its ability to allow sorceries to be augmented through faith in addition to intelligence.
Albinauric Staff
Short staff with a blue glintstone embedded. Wielded by the Albinaurics of old.
The Albinaurics harbor a secret; they cast sorcery using their innate arcaneness.
Academy Glintstone Staff
Staff of the Academy of Raya Lucaria, embedded with a turquoise glintstone.
Only a recognized sorcerer is permitted to wield this staff.
Carian Glintstone Staff
Staff embedded with a blue glintstone. One of two types of Carian staff.
Given to sorcerers that they might enact the role of knight. Enhances Carian sword sorceries.
Azur's Glintstone Staff
Staff of the primeval glintstone sorcerer Azur. Only those who have glimpsed what lies beyond the wisdom of stone may wield it.
Reduces casting time of all sorceries, but consumes additional FP.
Lusat's Glintstone Staff
Staff of the primeval glintstone sorcerer Lusat. Only those who have glimpsed what lies beyond the wisdom of stone may wield it.
Enhances power of all sorceries, but consumes additional FP.
Meteorite Staff
Staff embedded with a dark purple glintstone, said to be the fragment of a meteorite. Boasts high sorcery scaling and boosts gravity sorceries as well.
However, this staff cannot be strengthened in any way.
Staff of the Guilty
A heretical staff fashioned from a smoldering, withered sapling that turns the blood of sacrifices pierced by it into glintstone. Similar to hex magic.
Sorceries are scaled with faith rather than intelligence when wielding this staff which enhances thorn sorceries in particular.
Rotten Crystal Staff
Staff fashioned from pure crystal; a deed impossible for a human. It festers with scarlet rot.
Enhances Crystalian sorceries.
Staff of Loss
Staff missing its glintstone. Wielded by sorcerers who believe that discovery comes through acts of asceticism.
This staff is only capable of casting invisibility sorceries, but that is reason enough for some to wield it.
Finger Seal
A sacred seal bestowed by Finger Maiden which serves as a catalyst for casting sacred incantations.
Incantations must be memorized first at a site of grace, and a sacred seal must be equipped to cast them.
Godslayer's Seal
Sacred seal of the Godskin Apostles, inlaid with obsidian.
Said to represent the manipulation of black flame, this catalyst enhances godslayer incantations.
Giant's Seal
Sacred seal depicting the one-eyed god of the Fire Giants, adorned with braids of red hair.
Sacred seal wielded by Fire Monks and Prelates, this catalyst enhances Giants' Flame incantations.
Gravel Stone Seal
Sacred seal made from Gravel Stone thought to be an ancient dragon scale. Enhances Dragon Cult incantations of the Royal Capital.
The worship of the ancient dragons does not conflict with belief in the Erdtree. After all, this seal, and lighting itself, are both imbued with gold.
Clawmark Seal
Sacred seal granted by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman. A rare trinket which allows incantations to be scaled with strength.
The claw mark represents Gurranq's wrath. Enhances bestial incantations learned from Gurranq.
Golden Order Seal
A formless sacred seal depicting the ceremonial observation of Order. Enhances Golden Order Fundamentalist incantations.
Fundamentalism is scholarship in all but name. Scales incantations using both intelligence and faith.
Erdtree Seal
A formless sacred seal decorated with an Erdtree crest, once the focus of religion in the Lands Between.
Even though the Elden Ring is shattered, and the Erdtree has dulled from its former radiance, earnest faith continues to hold the answers.
Dragon Communion Seal
Formless drakeblood seal with a dragon communion crest. Enhances Dragon Communion incantations.
The sacrificial devouring of the heart gives power.
Indeed, Dragon Communion is too primal in nature for the term "incantation" to be appropriate.
This seal scales incantations with one's arcane attribute.
Frenzied Flame Seal
Formless sacred seal bestowed by the maiden of the Three Fingers. Enhances incantations of the frenzied flame.
This seal is the mark of the Lord of Frenzied Flame. Scales incantations using strength, dexterity, intelligence, and faith all together.
Shortbow
Small bow made to fire arrows over great distances. Other than its ability to fire off arrows in rapid succession, it is also well-suited for use on horseback.
To use a bow, arrows must also be equipped.
Misbegotten Shortbow
Shortbow wielded by Winged Misbegotten. Fine fur clings to it.
Designed to inflict additional damage by sacrificing range.
Red Branch Shortbow
Shortbow of polished red wood. Fashioned by a master craftsman and wielded by pages.
A bow which requires dexterity rather than strength to master.
Harp Bow
Bow fashioned from a minstrel's harp. Sonorous tones still resound when firing arrows.
Troubadours sing tales of champions, both in the honorable service of the Erdtree, and the one who spurns honor for blasphemy.
Composite Bow
Bow composited from a mix of materials.
Demands high attributes, and is tricky to wield, but is a fearsome tool when mastered.
Longbow
Longbow made to fire arrows over great distances. Compared to a shortbow, arrows fired reach further and deal more damage.
To use a bow, arrows must also be equipped.
Albinauric Bow
Longbow featuring delicate silverwork. Wielded by Albinauric wolfback archers.
This bow requires dexterity over strength to master.
Horn Bow
Longbow made from animal horn. Wielded by the master hunters of the ancestral followers.
Imbues arrows fired with magic damage.
Reveals its true worth when used with magic-infused arrows.
Erdtree Bow
Longbow featuring Erdtree styling. In times of old, when faith and battle went hand in hand, this weapon was created in tandem with the Golden Arrow.
Scales all arrow damage with faith, revealing its true worth when used with holy-infused arrows.
Serpent Bow
Malformed bow in the shape of a pair of poisonous snakes. Imbues arrows with poison through pagan magic, revealing its true worth when used with poison-infused arrows.
Used by assassins known as the Formless Serpents.
Pulley Bow
Longbow which utilizes a series of pulleys and springs. The complex mechanism, which required advanced mathematical and mechanical understanding to craft, was likely made by a certain genius who learned Golden Order fundamentalism.
Enhances precision while shooting, enabling arrows to fly much further distances.
Black Bow
Longbow carved from black wood to resemble a blade. One of the most difficult bows to master.
The blade-like body of the bow is light and cuts through the air. Though a longbow, it can be wielded similarly to a shortbow.
Lion Greatbow
Greatbow of black iron wielded by General Radahn. Decorated with a lion mane motif.
Imbued with gravitational power of the Starscourge, when used along with Radahn's Spear, it becomes a true weapon of a champion.
Golem Greatbow
Greatbow of black stone crafted by a civilization now gone to ruin. Weapon of the Guardian Golem.
Extremely heavy, this greatbow requires enormous strength just to draw, suggesting it was not designed for human use.
Erdtree Greatbow
Greatbow featuring Erdtree styling. In times of old, when faith and battle went hand in hand, this weapon was created in tandem with the Golden Great Arrow.
Scales all arrow damage with faith, revealing its true worth when used with holy-infused arrows.
Greatbow
Enormous greatbow larger than any man. Can not be drawn with any ordinary level of strength, but the force of its shots is extraordinary.
A greatbow can only fire great arrows.
Soldier's Crossbow
A crossbow of simple make, usable by anyone, but lacking in both power and accuracy.
Bolts must be equipped to use a crossbow.
Light Crossbow
Ranged weapon made from a bow fixed to a stock. Deals good damage and is simple to use, but requires reloading after firing.
Bolts must be equipped to use a crossbow.
Heavy Crossbow
Heavy crossbow with iron limbs, increasing damage dealt.
Commonly employed in the Shattering.
Pulley Crossbow
Crossbow made with pulleys and power springs. The complex mechanism, which required advanced mathematical and mechanical understanding to craft, was likely made by a certain genius who learned Golden Order fundamentalism.
One touch fires a volley of bolts. Be warned; large stores of bolts can be quickly spent.
Full Moon Crossbow
One-of-a-kind enchanted crossbow of exquisitely detailed craftsmanship. Made to celebrate the matrimonial union, and reconciliation, between the houses of the Erdtree and the Full Moon, Leyndell and Raya Lucaria. The two rings dance when reloading the weapon. Reveals true worth when used with holy-infused bolts.
Arbalest
Large crossbow made from composite materials. One of the largest of all bolt-firing devices.
Its limbs are more pliable than metallic ones, allowing bolts fired from this weapon to pierce even helms forged of steel.
Buckshot Crossbow
A weapon that combines two crossbows to scatter bolts in a wide arc.
A crude and inaccurate weapon, yet carries considerable might for those who might wield it.
Crepus's Black-Key Crossbow
Black crossbow featuring a long stock. Used for sniping, it has a very long range.
Weapon of Crepus, who served the Two Fingers from the shadows of the Roundtable as the head confessor.
Hand Ballista
An unconventional ballistic device modelled on a weapon used to besiege castles. Only capable of firing greatbolts.
Perfect for reckless acts such as storming a castle or facing an entire army alone.
Jar Cannon
Jar cannon which uses explosives to fire greatbolts. Deals great damage but is slow to reload.
Experimental firearm brought to the assault on Volcano Manor, where it was discovered that no one knew how to use it.
Arrow
Arrows used with small and long bows.
Unremarkable in any way, shape or form.
Fire Arrow
Arrow with the tip set alight.
Deals fire damage.
Serpent Arrow
Arrow carved to resemble a flying snake. Used in tandem with the Serpent Bow.
Loyal minions of the Formless Serpents, their fangs are daubed with deadly poison.
Bone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from thin animal bones. Craftable item.
The feather fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
St. Trina's Arrow
Arrow carved to resemble a withered water lily. Afflicts targets with a powerful sleep effect.
Priests of St. Trina use these arrows to spread their teachings. The sweet oblivion of sleep can become quite the habit.
Shattershard Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones tipped with a shard of crystal. Creates a resonating noise at the point of impact.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Rainbow Stone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones tipped with chips of Rainbow Stone. Colored light shines at the point of impact.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Golden Arrow
Carved arrows made in tandem with the Erdtree Bow. Deals holy damage.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death, and able to prevent them from rising again.
Dwelling Arrow
Arrow in which the spirits of small animals are thought to dwell. 
Deals magic damage.
Used by the master hunters of the ancestral followers. 
Bone Arrow
Arrow whittled from thin animal bones. Craftable item.
Though the tip is certainly sharp, it does not fly particularly true.
Firebone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is set alight before firing. Deals fire damage.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Firebone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is set alight before firing. Deals fire damage.
Craftable item.
Poisonbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with venom. Afflicts targets with poison.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Poisonbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with venom. Afflicts targets with poison.
Craftable item.
Sleepbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a water lily tincture. Afflicts targets with sleep.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Sleepbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a water lily tincture. Afflicts targets with sleep.
Craftable item.
Stormwing Bone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones fletched with stormhawk feathers. Craftable item.
Flies enshrouded in storm winds, breaking enemy stances and guards with ease.
Lightningbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones with a lightning-infused tip. Deals lightning damage.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Lightningbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones with a lightning-infused tip. Deals lightning damage.
Craftable item.
Rainbow Stone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones tipped with chips of Rainbow Stone. Colored light shines at the point of impact.
Craftable item.
Shattershard Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones tipped with a shard of crystal. Creates a resonating noise at the point of impact.
Craftable item.
Spiritflame Arrow
Arrow set alight with ghostflame before firing. Deals magic damage while also afflicting foes with frost.
Used by the Company of the Fallen Hawk, once ordered to explore the Eternal City.
Storm Arrow
Animal bone arrow that knocks enemies away with a gust of wind.
Craftable item.
Magicbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a glintstone tincture. Deals magic damage.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Magicbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a glintstone tincture. Deals magic damage.
Craftable item.
Haligbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a golden tincture. Deals holy damage.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Haligbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a golden tincture. Deals holy damage.
Craftable item.
Bloodbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a blood tincture. Afflicts targets with blood loss.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Bloodbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with a blood tincture. Afflicts targets with blood loss.
Craftable item.
Coldbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones with a frozen tip. Afflicts targets with frost.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Coldbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones with a frozen tip. Afflicts targets with frost.
Craftable item.
Rotbone Arrow (Fletched)
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with rot. Afflicts targets with scarlet rot.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Rotbone Arrow
Arrow whittled from animal bones. The tip is daubed with rot. Afflicts targets with scarlet rot.
Craftable item.
Great Arrow
A greatarrow as large as a spear for use with greatbows. Used by archers of monstrous strength employed by a lord's army.
Golem's Great Arrow
Greatarrow of black stone crafted by a civilization now gone to ruin. Used by the Guardian Golem.
This hefty arrow is enrobed in tempestuous winds, allowing it to break enemy stances and guards with ease.
Golden Great Arrow
Carved greatarrows made together with the Erdtree Greatbow. Deals holy damage.
Imbued with an oath-sworn incantation, which boosts the attack and defense of the archer and their nearby allies.
Golem's Magic Arrow
Greatarrow of black stone crafted by a civilization now gone to ruin. Imbued with its ancient magic.
Deals magic damage.
Radahn's Spear
Greatarrows used by General Radahn during the festival of combat. These are in fact the many spears with which he was stabbed by the Cleanrot Knights.
Imbued with Radahn's gravitational power.
Bone Great Arrow (Fletched)
Greatarrow as large as a spear whittled from stout animal bones.
Craftable item. The fletching adds distance to the arrow's flight.
Bone Great Arrow
Greatarrow as large as a spear whittled from stout animal bones.
Though the tip is certainly sharp, it does not fly particularly true.
Bolt
Ammunition used for crossbows.
A widespread, common type of bolt.
Lightning Bolt
Bolt tipped with a shard of Gravel Stone. Deals powerful lightning damage.
Used by worshippers of the ancient dragons.
Perfumer's Bolt
Bolt created with perfumer techniques. Used by nobles' guards and the like.
The point of impact explodes with sparks, dealing fire damage.
Black-Key Bolt
Bolts used in Crepus' Black-Key Crossbow, an assassin's tool of exquisite craftsmanship.
The intricate spiral tip bores deep, injecting scarlet rot far into the flesh of its target.
Burred Bolt
Bolt covered in thorns. One of the most horrific weapons used in the Shattering. Afflicts target with blood loss.
Difficult to remove once buried in flesh, causing appalling damage to the body.
Meteor Bolt
Enchanted work of craft made in tandem with the Full Moon Crossbow. The tip is embedded with glintstone.
Like a shooting star, these bolts leave a beautiful trail when fired. Deals magic damage.
Explosive Bolt
Bolt tipped with a shard of Explosive Stone. Explodes on impact, dealing fire damage.
Golden Bolt
Bolt blessed with an incantation of the Erdtree. Deals powerful holy damage.
Once used by guards of the Capital.
Lordsworn's Bolt
Well-crafted bolt with an illustrious design, wielded by regulars of a lord's army.
Deals more damage than its commonplace cousin.
Bone Bolt
Bolt carved from a thin animal bone. Craftable item.
Though the tip is certainly sharp, it does not fly particularly true.
Firebone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is set alight before firing. Deals fire damage.
Craftable item.
Lightningbone Bolt
Bolt crafted from animal bone with a lightning-infused tip. Deals lightning damage.
Craftable item.
Magicbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is daubed with a glintstone tincture. Deals magic damage.
Craftable item.
Haligbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is daubed with a golden tincture. Deals holy damage.
Craftable item.
Poisonbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is daubed with venom. Afflicts targets with poison.
Craftable item.
Bloodbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is daubed with a blood tincture. Afflicts targets with blood loss.
Craftable item.
Coldbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone with a frozen tip. Afflicts targets with frost.
Craftable item.
Rotbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is daubed with rot. Afflicts targets with scarlet rot.
Craftable item.
Sleepbone Bolt
Bolt carved from animal bone. The tip is daubed with a waterlily tincture. Afflicts targets with sleep.
Craftable item.
Flaming Bolt
Bolt with a fiercely burned tip. Deals powerful fire damage.
Used by survivors of Radahn's army to stave off the scarlet rot.
Ballista Bolt
Greatbolt as large as a spear for use with Hand Ballista.
Lightning Greatbolt
Greatbolt tipped with a clump of Gravel Stone shards.
Deals powerful lightning damage.
Explosive Greatbolt
Greatbolt tipped with a clump of Explosive Stone shards.
Detonates a large explosion on impact, dealing fire damage.
Bone Ballista Bolt
Greatbolt as large as a spear carved from stout animal bones. Craftable item.
Though the tip is certainly sharp, it does not fly particularly true.